['Set the racks in the middle and upper thirds of the oven and preheat the oven to 425 F', 'In a large skillet over medium heat, heat the olive oil until shimmering. Add the onion, garlic and red pepper flakes and cook until golden, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes.', 'Add the fennel and cook until the vegetables are soft and translucent, an additional 3 to 5 minutes.', 'Reduce the heat to medium and add the tomatoes with their juices. Using the back of a wooden spoon, smash the tomatoes and cook for 5 minutes.', 'Add the basil, wine, olives, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon black pepper.', 'Reduce to low and simmer for 15 minutes, or until the sauce is slightly thickened, while you prepare the fish.', 'Pat the fillets dry, lightly spray them with cooking spray, and season with salt and pepper.', 'In a heavy ovenproof skillet over high heat, heat the olive oil until shimmering. Add the fillets, rounded-side down, and cook for 2 minutes.', 'Carefully flip the fillets with a metal spatula and place the skillet in the oven. Bake until the fish is no longer translucent, 8 to 10 minutes.', 'Switch the oven to broil and place the skillet on the upper rack. Broil until the tops of the fillets are golden brown, 2 to 4 minutes.', 'Arrange the fillets on individual plates, spoon on the sauce, and serve.']
['Place the eggs in the air fryer basket and cook 250F 15 minutes for a softer yolk, 17 minutes for a firmer yolk (time may vary depending on the make and model of your air fryer).', 'Run under cold water and peel right away.']
['Air Fryer directions:', 'Preheat air fryer to 400F. Spritz the basket with olive oil.', 'Season the salmon with lemon juice, salt and pepper.', 'Mix the mayonnaise with basil and 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese in a small bowl.', 'Spread completely over the top of salmon. Sprinkle remaining Parmesan cheese on top.', 'In batches, air fry 7 minutes, or longer depending on thickness of the salmon.', 'Oven directions:', 'Preheat the oven to 425F. Spritz a sheet pan with olive oil.', 'Season the salmon with lemon juice, salt and pepper.', 'Mix the mayonnaise with basil and 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese in a small bowl.', 'Spread completely over the top of salmon. Sprinkle remaining Parmesan cheese on top.', 'Bake 10 to 12 minutes, depending on thickness of the salmon.', ' ']
['Preheat the oven to 400F.', 'Pour 2 tablespoon of grated cheese onto a silicone lined baking sheet (highly recommended for this) and lightly pat down with your fingers to make about 4 inches round.', 'Repeat 3 more times with remaining cheese, leaving 1/2-inch space in between each circle.', 'Bake 3 minutes, until almost done.', 'Combine the sesame seeds, onion, garlic and poppy seeds in a small bowl.', 'Top each with 3/4 teaspoon.', 'Bake for 5 minutes or until golden and crisp. Cool before eating.']
['Cook potatoes in a large pot of salted water until tender, about 25 to 30 minutes.', 'In a second pot, cover string beans with water and boil until string beans are tender, 6 to 7 minutes. Drain then quickly run under cold water to prevent them from overcooking.', 'When the potatoes are done, drain.', 'In a large bowl, combine balsamic, oil, salt and pepper.', 'Add the potatoes, green beans, scallions and olives. Mix well and serve room temperature.']
['To Make the soup:', 'Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a large pot over medium-high heat.', 'When it shimmers, add the onions, chopped fennel bulb, and 14 teaspoon of salt, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions just begin to brown, 3 to 5 minutes.', 'Stir in the kale and cook, stirring occasionally, until it wilts, 3 to 4 minutes. If any browned bits stick to the bottom of the pot while cooking, add 1 tablespoon water at a time to loosen them up.', 'Pour in the vegetable broth and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and cover.', 'Simmer, covered, for 10 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat.', 'Immediately stir in two-thirds of the minced garlic, then let the soup cool, uncovered, for about 10 minutes.', 'Meanwhile, make the gremolata:', 'Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil in a medium skillet over medium heat.', 'When it shimmers, stir in the hemp seeds, remaining 14 teaspoon of salt, and remaining garlic.', 'Spread the mixture into a single layer in the bottom of the pan, then cook, stirring and redistributing into a single layer occasionally, until the hemp and garlic are golden brown and fragrant, about 3 minutes.', 'Transfer to a medium bowl. Chop the fennel fronds.', 'Let cool for a few minutes, then stir in the lemon zest and fennel fronds.', 'Add the cilantro, parsley, and lemon juice to the soup.', 'Transfer the soup to a blender, or use an immersion blender in the pot, and blend until very smooth.', 'Ladle the soup into 2 bowls and top with a generous amount of the gremolata. Garnish with pepper, if desired.']
['Preheat the to 350F degrees. Spray a pie dish with oil.', 'Evenly spread the broccoli in the dish and top it evenly with the ham.', 'Make the custard mixture by whisking together the milk, half and half, eggs, salt, black pepper, and the nutmeg.', 'Pour the custard into the dish and top with Swiss Cheese.', 'Bake 35 to 40 minutes, until the center is set.', 'Cut the quiche into 6 pieces and serve.']
['16 oz strawberries (washed and cut)', '4 oz low fat sour cream', '2 tbsp brown sugar']
['Preheat the oven to 450F. Place a silicone liner on a large baking sheet or spray with oil if using parchment.', 'In a medium bowl combine the flour, baking powder and salt and whisk well.', 'Add the yogurt and mix with a fork or spatula until well combined, it will look like small crumbles.', 'Lightly dust flour on a work surface and remove dough from the bowl, knead the dough a few times until dough is tacky, but not sticky, about 20 turns (it should not leave dough on your hand when you pull away).', 'Divide into 4 equal balls about 3-3/8 oz each.', 'Sprinkle a work surface and rolling pin with a little flour roll the dough out into thin ovals 7 to 8 inches in diameter and place on the prepared baking sheet.', 'Spritz the dough with olive oil. Sprinkle everything bagel seasoning in a 1-inch boarder around the edge.', 'Combine half of the red onion with olive oil, scatter the onion in the center of each.', 'Transfer to the oven and bake 10 to 14 minutes, until the crust is golden and crisp.', 'Remove from oven and dallop cream cheese in the center of each, leaving the edge clear.', 'Top with tomato, then salmon and top with capers and dill.', 'Preheat the air fryer to 400F.', 'When the air fryer is ready, transfer the dough, to the basket and bake until firm and golden, 5 to 6 minutes turning once half way. Repeat with the remaining dough.']
['In a medium bowl combine the buttermilk, mayo, chives, salt, garlic powder, onion powder, parsley, basil and black pepper and mix.', 'Add the shredded chicken and mix well. Refrigerate until ready to eat.']
['Air Fryer Directions:', 'In a medium bowl, combine avocado, lime juice, sundried tomatoes, onion, cilantro, salt and pepper, to taste. Gently toss to combine.', 'One at a time, place egg roll wrapper on a clean surface, points facing top and bottom like a diamond.', 'Spoon 14 cup mixture onto the bottom third of the wrapper.', 'Dip your finger in a small bowl of water and run it along the edges of the wrapper.', 'Lift the point nearest you and wrap it around the filling. Fold the left and right corners in toward the center and continue to roll into a tight cylinder.', 'Set aside and repeat with remaining wrappers and filling.', 'Spray all sides of the egg rolls with oil.', 'Preheat the air fryer to 400F. In batches, cook 400F for 6 minutes, turning halfway through, or until golden.', 'Meanwhile, in a small bowl, combine mayonnaise, sweet chili sauce and sriracha and serve on the side for dipping.', 'To Bake In The Oven:', 'Preheat the oven to 400F. Spray a sheet pan with oil.', 'Transfer the egg rolls to the baking sheet and cook until browned and crisp, about 16 to 18 minutes, turning halfway.']
['Preheat oven to 425F.', 'Spray the oil in a 10-inch cast-iron skillet and warm over medium-high heat. When hot place one tortilla in the pan. Reduce heat to medium and let cook for 1 minute.', 'Flip the tortilla and cook for an additional minute while you add 2 tablespoons of sauce, spreading it all the way to the tortillas edge.', 'Remove the pan from the heat and add the cheese or any toppings of your choice, reserving fresh herbs to finish.', 'Transfer the pan to the oven and bake for 2 to 4 minutes, or until the edges of the tortilla are golden brown but not burned (if youre not using cheese, check on the early side).', 'Transfer the pan back to the stove and cook for another 1 to 2 minutes over medium heat, until the bottom is browned, but not burned.', 'Transfer the pizza to a plate and let it cool slightly. Top with fresh herbs, if using.', 'Repeat with second pizza and serve.']
['One at a time, place all 6 of the tortillas directly over the flame of the burner over medium heat 20 to 30 seconds per side, until slightly charred.', 'Set 4 aside on a plate with a dish towel over them to keep them warm until ready to serve, cut the remaining 2 in half, then chop into 1/2 inch thick strips.', 'Place the eggs in a medium bowl, season with salt and pepper, and whisk to combine.', 'Heat 1 teaspoon of the oil in a 10-inch nonstick skillet over medium heat.', 'Add the 2 chopped tortillas and cook, stirring until crisp, about 4 minutes. Set aside.', 'Add the remaining oil to the skillet, then add the onion, tomato, jalapeno, cilantro and season with salt and pepper, cook until soft and translucent, about 4 minutes stirring.', 'When the onion is ready add the eggs and cook 3 to 4 minutes until the eggs are almost set, stirring a few times to scramble, then stir in the tortillas.', 'Stir and cook 1 more minute. Remove from heat and top with cheese, fresh salsa, avocado, hot sauce and cilantro for garnish.', 'Serve with warmed tortillas.']
['For the graham cracker crust (you can also use a pre-made crust if you prefer):', 'Place graham crackers, butter and sugar into a food processor and pulse a few times.', 'Add 1 tbsp water and pulse a few more times until it has a texture of coarse meal.', 'Press into an 8-inch pie dish making the crust about 1/8-inch thick evenly all around and up the sides.', 'Refrigerate the crust for 30 minutes before you bake it, this will help prevent crumbling when you want to serve it.', 'Preheat oven to 375F. Bake until the edges are golden, about 8 to 10 minutes.', 'Remove from the oven and let the crust cool on a wire rack, before filling.', 'Key Lime Filling:', 'In a small bowl combine 2 tablespoons of the lime juice with the gelatin and stir.', 'Warm the remaining 6 tablespoons of key lime juice for 30 to 45 seconds in the microwave (this is to dissolve the gelatin, dont let it boil) and quickly mix well to dissolve the gelatin.', 'In a large bowl with a hand mixer combine the cream cheese, yogurt, sugar and lime zest. Mix well, then add in the key lime juice and mix well, until fully incorporated, then pour into graham cracker crust.', 'Chill pie thoroughly, at least 1 hour before serving.', 'Garnish with key lime slices and whipped cream, optional, if desired.']
['Preheat oven to 425F. Spray a large baking sheet lightly with spray.', 'Combine breadcrumbs and parmesan cheese in a bowl. Beat the egg in another bowl.', 'Dip the chicken into the eggs, then into the breadcrumb mixture. Discard the remaining crumbs.', 'Place the chicken on the prepared baking sheet, lightly spray the top with oil and bake in the oven for 25 minutes, do not turn. When done, remove from the oven and reduce oven temp to 400F.', 'Meanwhile, combine the ricotta, parmesan cheese, and basil in a medium bowl.', 'In a 9 x 13 x 3-inch Pyrex Deep baking dish, ladle 3/4 cup of marinara on the bottom of the dish.', 'Arrange 3 lasagna noodles across the dish (they will expand as they cook), top with 3/4 cup sauce, 4 pieces of chicken, 1/4 of the ricotta cheese mixture, 1/2 cup mozzarella cheese, 3/4 cup spinach.', 'Repeat the 2nd layer, skipping the chicken.', 'Repeat the 3rd layer with the chicken, and the 4th layer without the chicken.', 'For the 5th layer, spread the last 3 sheets of pasta noodles with the remaining 1 1/2 cups of marinara sauce on top.', 'Cover with foil and bake in a 400F preheated oven in the center rack 50 minutes.', 'Uncover, add the remaining cup of mozzarella and bake until melted, 5 minutes.', 'Remove from oven and let it rest 15 minutes before serving.']
['Preheat the oven to 350F.', 'In a small bowl combine 2 tbsp of the ketchup with Worcestershire sauce.', 'In a small skillet, heat olive oil and onion on low heat until translucent, 3 to 5 minutes, remove from heat.', 'In a medium bowl combine the turkey, onion, breadcrumbs, egg, 1/4 cup ketchup, salt and marjoram.', 'Place mixture into a loaf pan or shape into a loaf and place on a baking pan. Spoon sauce on top.', 'Bake uncovered for 55-60 minutes, remove from oven and let it sit for 5 minutes before slicing.']
['Combine all the sauce ingredients in a medium bowl and mix well. Sit at room temperature while preparing the mussels.', 'Place mussels in a colander and rinse them under cold water to remove any sand. Scrub them with a stiff brush under cold running water to remove any sand. The shells will be closed until you cook them, discard any cracked shells. To debeard, use your fingers to firmly pull out the hairy filaments.', 'Clean off the outsides with a brush to remove any barnacles or dirt.', 'Place 3/4 cups of water and 3/4 cup of white wine in a large pot and bring to boil. Add the mussels, cover and steam until the mussels all open, 5 to 6 minutes. Carefully drain water and divide in 4 bowls.', 'Top the mussels with the Piri Piri and enjoy!']
['Place the parchment paper down on your work surface.', 'Layer 6 to 7 large leaves of lettuce in the middle of parchment paper so that you create a lettuce base about 9 inches by 10 inches.', 'Spread the mayo in the center of the lettuce wrap.', 'Layer with the chicken or turkey, bacon and tomato.', 'Starting with the end closest to you, roll the lettuce wraps jelly roll style using the parchment as your base as tight as possible.', 'Halfway through rolling, tuck the ends of the wraps towards the middle.', 'Continue to roll the lettuce wrap, keeping it as tight as possible and using the parchment paper to guide you.', 'When it is completely wrapped, roll the remainder of the parchment around the lettuce tightly.', 'Using a serrated knife, cut the lettuce wrap almost completely, leaving a small piece of the parchment intact to help hold it together.']
['Make peanut sauce: Combine all ingredients in a small bowl. Whisk until smooth. Set aside.Make vinaigrette: Combine all ingredients in another small bowl. Whisk until smooth. Set aside.', 'Preheat outdoor grill or grill pan over medium-high heat. Place chicken between a piece of plastic wrap or parchment and pound to an even thickness. Season with salt and pepper. Grill for 5-6 minutes, turn and grill for an additional 5-6 minutes more, or until chicken is cooked through. Allow chicken to rest for 5 minutes, then slice thin.', 'Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine greens, bell pepper, carrots and jicama. Add peanut sauce, vinaigrette and chicken and gently toss to combine. Divide the salad among 4 bowls and top each with 2 tablespoons tortilla strips. Serve immediately.']
['To make the pesto: In a food processor, pulse basil, spinach and arugula mix, garlic, parmesan cheese, salt and pepper until smooth. Slowly add the olive oil while pulsing.', 'Place couscous in a medium, heat-proof bowl. Add boiling water and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Cover.', 'Let stand for 5 minutes or until liquid has been absorbed. Fluff couscous with a fork to separate grains.', 'Add 2 tablespoons of the pesto. Toss to combine and set aside.', 'Pound the thicker end of the chicken to make both sides leveled out so they cook evenly.', 'Spritz with oil and season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and black pepper.', 'Heat a grill or grill pan on medium-high heat.', 'Spritz the zucchini and tomato all over with olive oil, season with salt and pepper.', 'Cook zucchini, in batches, for 2 to 3 minutes each side or until tender. Transfer to a baking sheet. Cover to keep warm.', 'Add tomato to the grill. Cook, turning, for 1 to 2 minutes or until softened.', 'Cook the chicken 3 to 4 minutes each side or until browned and cooked through. Slice.', 'Divide couscous between 4 plates, 3/4 cup each.', 'Top with vegetables and chicken. Drizzle with remaining pesto. Serve.']
['Preheat the oven to 350F. Spread the almonds, walnuts or pecans on a large, rimmed baking sheet and toast the almonds about 10 minutes, mixing halfway. (Dont let them get dark).', 'Let them cool about 10 minutes when they are warm, not hot.', 'Transfer the nuts to a high-speed blender or food processor. Blend until creamy, scraping down the sides as necessary. Be patient, it may seem like it will never turn to butter, but it will! It will go from clumps, to a ball against the side of the food processor (keep scraping the sides), then finally it will turn very creamy. If the mixture gets too hot, stop and let it cool down for a few minutes.', 'Once the nut butter is very creamy, blend in the salt. If you wish to add additional flavors such as vanilla, cinnamon or honey, let the mixture cool, add the optional add ins and blend until creamy once again. Keep in mind, the texture will harden slightly if you add honey or maple syrup.', 'Let the nut butter cool to room temperature, then transfer the mixture to a glass jar and tighten the lid. Store in the refrigerator for up to 3 to 4 weeks, or until you see any signs of spoilage.']
['For the butter: Place butter in a mixing bowl and use a rubber spatula to soften until it is very spreadable. Add remaining ingredients, and mix until thoroughly combined.', 'Place compound butter on the center a sheet of a sheet of plastic wrap or parchment paper. Shape into a round log, and twist the ends to seal. Place butter in the refrigerator to harden, at least 30 to 60 minutes. Once solid, it will be easy to slice.', 'For the Lobster: Place each tail, shell side up, on a cutting board. Using a large sharp knife, cut through the shell directly down the center, beginning at the tail and down to where the body use to be.', 'Season the exposed meat with pinch of salt and fresh cracked black pepper, to taste and spritz with olive oil.', 'Preheat grill to medium high, clean and oil the grates. To cook, place each tail half directly on the grate flesh side down and close the hood. Cook about 1 1/2 minutes, then turn 45 degrees (to cross-hatch), close the hood and grill for another 1 1/2 minutes.', 'Remove the tails to a pan and spread each one with 1/2 tablespoon of butter.', 'Return the tails to the grill, flesh side up. Close the hood and allow them to grill for another 3 to 5 minutes depending on the size, until the tail meat is opaque and firm to the touch.', 'Remove the tails, serve with lemon wedges.']
['Place 1 inch of water in a large pot with 1 teaspoon salt and bring to a boil. Add the cauliflower and cook until tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and set aside in a large bowl.', 'Meanwhile, in a small bowl, combine the mayonnaise, mustard, dill, pinch of salt and pepper. Set aside.', 'Chop 4 of the eggs and add to the bowl with the cauliflower. Slice the remaining two eggs for topping.', 'Add pickle, celery, 1/4 teaspoon salt, pepper, and red onion. Add the mayo mixture and pickle juice to the cauliflower and toss gently to evenly coat. Garnish with remaining sliced eggs and sprinkle with paprika.']
['Set the grill to medium-high. Husk the corn. Grill 10 to 12 minutes, turning often, until charred in spots. Transfer to a cutting board and set aside to cool.', 'Cut the kernels off the cobb.', 'Put the corn, red onion and cheese in a medium salad bowl. Drizzle with the olive oil and toss.', 'Add the fresh herbs and toss again. Taste and add salt and pepper. Serve.']
['In a medium-size bowl, combine the soy sauce, honey, vegetable oil, sesame oil, garlic, ginger, black pepper, red chili pepper and green onions.', 'Remove 1/4 cup (60 ml) of the marinade and combine with the rice vinegar in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate.', 'Place the remaining marinade and steak in a 1-gallon (3.6-L) resealable bag. Remove as much air as possible and seal the bag.', 'Refrigerate for at least 1 hour by laying the steak flat, and flipping the bag after 30 minutes. The steak can be marinated in the refrigerator for up to 12 hours.', 'Remove the steak from the marinade, drain any excess liquid and transfer to a pan. Discard the marinating bag.', 'Set the grill to high. Add a small amount of oil on a folded piece of paper towel, carefully greasing the grill with the oil.', 'Allow the grill to preheat for 15 minutes, and once the grill is very hot, add the steak.', 'Cover and cook the steak until well browned, about 4 to 5 minutes, then flip and cook until desired doneness, about 3 to 4 minutes. For medium rare, cook the steak until the internal temperature reaches between 120 and 125F (49 and 52C). For medium, cook between 130 and 135F (54 and 57C).', 'Transfer the steak to a cutting board and allow to rest for 10 minutes.', 'Slice the steak against the grain into 1/4-inch (6-mm) thick slices. Pour the reserved marinade on top and serve hot.']
['For the meat:', 'Brown turkey in a large skillet breaking it into smaller pieces as it cooks.', 'When no longer pink add dry seasoning and mix well.', 'Add the onion, pepper, water and tomato sauce and cover.', 'Simmer on low for about 15 minutes, uncover and simmer until dry, about 8 to 12 minutes. You dont want any liquid remaining, it will make the dough soggy.', 'For the dough:', 'Preheat oven to 375F.', 'Place parchment paper or a silpat on a baking sheet. If using parchment paper, spray with oil to avoid sticking.', 'In a medium bowl combine the flour, baking powder and salt and whisk well.', 'Add the yogurt and mix with a fork or spatula until well combined, it will look like small crumbles.', 'Lightly dust flour on a work surface and remove dough from the bowl, knead the dough a few times until dough is tacky, but not sticky, about 15 turns (it should not leave dough on your hand when you pull away).', 'Place on a floured work surface and roll the dough out until its very thin. Cut circles about 4-3/4 inches (I used a small work bowl turned upside down) cut out as many rounds as you can.', 'With the remaining dough, roll out and form into more rounds. I got 10 altogether.', 'Place 2 tablespoons of the meat mixture on each round topped with 1/2 tablespoon cheese.', 'Brush the edges with egg wash then fold the edge over and crimp with a fork.', 'Transfer to the baking sheet and brush the tops with egg wash.', 'Bake in the center of the oven for 22 minutes, or until golden']
['Whisk the grated garlic, salt, oil in a medium bowl. Add shrimp, toss to coat, and chill, uncovered, at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour.', 'Make foil packets. Tear off 4 16 sheets of Reynolds Wrap Heavy-Duty Aluminum Foil.', 'Place 10 shrimp on the center of each foil sheet. Top each with remaining garlic slices, 1 tablespoon wine, lemon juice, pinch red pepper flakes and 1/2 tablespoon melted butter over each.', 'Bring up the long sides of the foil, so the ends meet over the food. Double fold the ends, leaving room for heat to circulate inside. Double fold the two short ends to seal the packet', 'Grill over high heat, 8 minutes. Use gloves or tongs to remove and carefully open. Top with chopped parsley. Serve with lemon wedges.', '(To bake in the oven, preheat oven to 425F and cook about 10 minutes.)']
['In a medium skillet over medium heat, add the oil, leeks, onions and garlic and cook 4 minutes, until soft.', 'Meanwhile, chop the potato into 1/8th inch dice. The best way to do this is slice them into 1/8th inch strips, then cut the strips into small cubes.', 'Add the potatoes, salt and 2 tablespoons of water, cover and cook medium-low heat until soft, about 10 minutes.', 'Add the broccoli, 2 more tablespoons of water and cook covered 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until tender.', 'Let cool 10 minutes.', 'Add the cheese and roll into 4 balls, about 1/2 cup (3 1/2 ounces) each. Flatten to form cakes.', 'To cook, heat a large skillet over medium heat, cook 4 to 5 minutes until the bottom is golden, gently flip and cook and additional 4 to 5 minutes. You can freeze whatever you dont eat. To reheat from frozen, bake in 390F preheated oven 25 minutes.']
['Bring a skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to medium-high heat. Sprinkle chicken with seasonings, and cook for about 4 minutes per side, until cooked through.', 'Once cool enough to handle, roughly chop. In a small bowl, coat chicken with BBQ sauce.', 'Lay tortilla flat, and spread BBQ chicken onto one half. Top chicken with remaining ingredients.', 'Clean skillet, if needed. Respray and return to medium-high heat. Cook the half-loaded tortilla for 2 minutes.', 'Fold the bare tortilla half over the filling with a spatula, and press lightly to seal. Carefully flip and cook until crispy, about 3 minutes.', 'Slice into wedges.']
['Remove the chicken legs, wings and thighs from the rotisserie chicken and set aside for another meal.', 'Remove the skin from the 2 breasts and remove the meat from the bones. Break the chicken into chunks with your hands or a knife and place into a large bowl. Add the fresh dill, lemon juice, lemon zest, olive oil and salt.', 'Refrigerate until ready to eat.']
['Over high heat, brown the turkey in a large skillet breaking it into smaller pieces as it cooks, about 5 minutes.', 'When no longer pink add 1 teaspoon salt and the dry seasoning and mix well.', 'Add the onion, pepper, water and tomato sauce and cover.', 'Simmer on low for about 15 minutes.', 'Remove the cover and add the cauliflower, add 1/4 teaspoon salt and cook until tender, about 8 minutes.', 'Transfer to a plate and serve with avocado, lettuce, salsa and lime.']
['Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.', 'On a large sheet pan, toss broccoli, squash and onions with olive oil, salt and pepper, to taste.', 'Spread veggies out in an even layer and roast for 20-25 minutes, or until crisp tender.', 'Meanwhile, heat a medium skillet over medium-low heat and lightly spray with oil.', 'Add eggs, one at a time, leaving space between them. Season each with a pinch of salt and pepper, cover and cook until whites are just set and yolk is still runny.', 'Divide rice and roasted veggies evenly among 4 bowls.', 'Top each with 1 ounce avocado and 1 egg and 1 tablespoon pecans.', 'Serve immediately.']
['Char both sides of the tortillas on a hot griddle or over the open flame. Keep warmed in the oven if eating right away. This will help the tortillas become more pliable and also improves the taste, in my opinion.', 'Heat a large non-stick skillet over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook until cooked through, about 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to drain on a paper towel lined plate.', 'In a large bowl whisk the eggs with salt. Mix in scallions and bell pepper.', 'Discard the bacon grease leaving 1 teaspoon then add the eggs, let them set on the bottom then stir a few times to cook through, set aside.', 'On a clean work surface, divide a generous 1/2 cup of the egg mixture onto the bottom third of the tortilla. Top each a slice of bacon and 2 tablespoons cheese. Roll from the bottom, folding the left and right corners in toward the center and continue and roll into a tight cylinder. Set aside, seam-side down, and repeat with remaining tortillas and filling.', 'If eating right away, heat a skillet over medium heat. When hot, spray the skillet with oil and add the burritos, seam side down. Cook, covered, until the bottom of the burritos are golden brown, about 2 minutes on each side. Serve with hot sauce or salsa, if desired.', 'Place the foil on a work surface vertically, place the rolled burrito in the center bottom third, roll partially, folding the sides of the foil over the burrito, then roll it up.', 'Transfer to a freezer bag to prevent freezer burn (you can reuse the bags).', 'Use a sharpie to label it with the name and date. (also helpful to write down cook time and temp).', 'To reheat, thawed overnight in the refrigerator: (Best results)', 'Transfer burrito to the refrigerator the night before. Bake in foil, in a preheated oven 425F 20 minutes, turning halfway. Unwrap foil and bake uncovered 5 minutes. Optional, you can also broil 2 to 3 minutes at the end to toast.', 'To reheat direct from freezer to oven: (Best results)', 'Bake in a preheated oven 425F 45 minutes turning halfway. Unwrap foil and bake uncovered 5 minutes. Optional, you can also broil 2 to 3 minutes at the end to toast. Let stand 2 minutes before eating.', 'To reheat direct from freezer to microwave (Least favorite results): Remove the burrito from the foil and place on a microwave safe dish, cover with a paper towel microwave 1 minute. Turn then cook an additional 1 to 1 1/2 minutes. Let stand 2 minutes before eating. (optional, brown on a skillet 2 minutes on each side to toast, or broil 2 to 3 minutes.', 'To reheat in air fryer, thawed overnight in the refrigerator: (crisp results)', 'Transfer burrito to the refrigerator the night before. Unwrap and discard foil, spritz with a little oil and air fry in a preheated air fryer 400F 8 to 9 minutes, turning halfway until heated through in the center.']
['Place the eggs in a medium pan, and cover with about an inch of cold water.', 'Turn heat on to medium and bring the water to a boil. When the water boils, shut the flame off and cover for 20 minutes, the steam will cook them. Run under cold water to let the eggs cool, then peel.']
['In a large heavy skillet melt the butter over medium heat. Add the rice and saute about 2-3 minutes.', 'Add the chicken broth and peas and bring to a boil. When just about all the liquid is absorbed just skimming the top of the rice, cover and reduce heat to low.', 'Cook, covered on low heat 20 minutes, until rice is cooked through. Shut off and let stand covered 5 minutes.', 'Meanwhile, in second large skillet, heat 2 teaspoons of the olive oil over medium heat until hot.', 'Season shrimp with salt and pepper and add to hot skillet. Cook about 2-3 minutes, until the shrimp is opaque and cooked through. Remove shrimp from pan and set aside.', 'Add the 2 remaining teaspoons of olive oil to the skillet on high heat and add the cooked rice, shrimp, grated cheese and parsley and saute another minute or two to slightly crisp, mixing well.']
['Preheat the oven to 325F.', 'Place the ham on a rack in a roasting pan with 1 cup water and bake on the lower rack for 1 hour.', 'While ham bakes make the glaze by combining the preserves and rum in a small saucepan, cook medium heat and whisk until it gets bubbly, about 5 to 8 minutes.', 'After an hour, remove the ham from the oven and brush with the glaze. Return the ham to the oven and cook about another 50 to 60 minutes.']
['Place green beans in a large pot and cover with water, about 6 cups. Bring to a boil, then cover and cook until tender crisp, about 6 minutes (dont overcook or they will get mushy).', 'Drain and rinse under cold water when done to prevent them from overcooking, drain.', 'In a large bowl, combine balsamic, oil, salt and pepper. Toss in the green beans, scallions and olives.', 'Mix well and top with sliced eggs. Refrigerate and serve chilled or room temperature.']
['Melt butter over low heat in a large pot. Add onion and saute until soft, about 2-minutes.', 'Cut the asparagus in half and add to the pot along with chicken broth and black pepper, to taste. Bring to a boil, cover and cook low about 20 minutes or until asparagus is very tender.', 'Remove from heat, add sour cream and using your hand held blender, puree until smooth (or in two batches in a large blender).']
['In a blender combine, starting with the liquid first add the milk, yogurt, eggs, vanilla, flour, baking powder and salt and mix until well combined and smooth, about 30 to 60 seconds.', 'Heat a waffle iron over medium heat (I used number 3 on mine) and let it heat up.', 'When hot spray with cooking spray and pour 1/2 cup of batter in the center, close and cook until golden brown and slightly crisp on the edges, about 3 to 4 minutes.', 'Repeat with the remaining batter or refrigerate the remaining.']
['Wash and drain the peas in a colander.', 'In a small skillet, saute onions and garlic in oil over medium heat until soft, about 3 minutes.', 'Transfer to the slow cooker and add peas, carrots, ham hock and chicken broth, cover and cook on LOW 10 hours, until the peas are tender.', 'Remove ham hock and season with black pepper.', 'Discard the skin of the ham hock and shred the pork off the bone, add back to the soup.']
['Rub the tuna steaks with 1 teaspoon of oil, and sprinkle with salt and pepper.', 'Place the sesame seeds on a medium plate. Dip entire surface of the steak into sesame seeds, pressing to adhere.', 'Heat a skillet on high heat. When very hot, place the tuna steaks on the hot skillet and cook for 1 to 2 minutes on each side, depending on the thickness. Set aside on a plate.', 'Meanwhile, prepare salad and soy vinaigrette.', 'Slice tuna steaks into 16 slices and place on top of arugula.', 'Drizzle vinaigrette over the top.']
['Heat a large heavy pot or Dutch oven over medium flame. When hot, spray with oil.', 'Add onions and garlic, saute until soft, about 4 to 5 minutes.', 'Add the meat and cook, breaking it up until white and cooked through, about 5 minutes.', 'Add diced green chilies, salt, cumin, oregano, chili powder, red pepper flakes and cook for 2 minutes.', 'Pure 1 can of beans in the blender with 1 cup of the broth. Add to the pot with the remaining beans, broth and bay leaf and bring to a boil.', 'Cover and reduce to a simmer, about 30 to 35 minutes mixing occasionally, until thickened and the flavors meld.', 'Stir in sour cream and cook 4 to 5 minutes. Adjust seasoning and salt to taste.', 'To serve, topped with your favorite toppings.', 'Slow Cooker directions: To make in the slow cooker, follow steps 1 to 5, reducing the broth to 1 1/2 cups and transfer to the slow cooker for 8 hours on low.', 'Instant Pot directions: To make in the Instant Pot, you will need an 8 quart IP or halve the recipe. Reduce the broth to 1 1/2 cups, cook high pressure 25 minutes.']
['Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil, add the pasta and broccoli and cook according to package directions for al dente. Reserve about 1/2 cup liquid before draining.', 'Drain orzo and broccoli in a colander and add the oil to the pot over medium heat.', 'Add the garlic and cook until golden, 30 seconds. Return the drained orzo and stir to combine all.', 'Add 1/4 cup of the reserved liquid, or more as needed and cook 1 minute, stirring.', 'Meanwhile, in a large skillet melt butter and oil over medium heat. When the butter is melted, add garlic and saute 30 seconds.', 'Add shrimp and season with 1/8 teaspoon salt and pepper. Cook 2 minutes, flip, then add another 1/8 teaspoon salt and pepper. Cook an additional 2 to 3 minutes or until shrimp are opaque and cooked through.', 'Remove from heat and add red pepper (if using), lemon juice, and parsley. Toss to evenly coat.', 'To serve, divide the shrimp and sauce over 3/4 cup orzo.']
['STOVE TOP DIRECTIONS', 'In a large Dutch oven or heavy pot, melt butter over medium heat.', 'Add the onion, carrots, celery, garlic and 12 teaspoon salt and saute until vegetables start to soften, about 5 minutes.', 'Sprinkle flour evenly over vegetables and cook, stirring often, for 1 minute.', 'Add wine and deglaze the pot (scraping brown bits off the bottom).', 'Add the thyme, broth, cauliflower and potatoes, bring the pot to a boil, then reduce heat to simmer, cover and cook for 20 minutes.', 'Remove the lid from pot and transfer the cauliflower and 1 cup of the soup to a blender and blend until smooth. Transfer puree back to the pot.', 'Add the milk, corn, and smoked salmon and heat through for about 5 minutes.', 'Season with remaining salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste.', 'Ladle 2 cups of soup into each bowl and top with chives', 'INSTANT POT DIRECTIONS', 'Press saute on the Instant Pot.', 'When hot, add the butter. Once melted, add the onion, carrots, celery, garlic and 12 teaspoon salt and saute until vegetables start to soften, about 5 minutes.', 'Sprinkle flour evenly over vegetables and cook, stirring often, for 1 minute.', 'Press cancel. Add the wine and deglaze the pot (scraping brown bits off the bottom).', 'Add the thyme, broth, cauliflower and potatoes, seal and switch pot to Manual.', 'Cook on high pressure for 10 minutes.', 'Quick release, then open when the pressure subsides.', 'Transfer the cauliflower and 1 cup of the soup to a blender and blend until smooth. Transfer puree back to the pot.', 'Add the milk, corn, and smoked salmon and heat through for about 5 minutes.', 'Season with remaining salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste.', 'Ladle 2 cups of soup into each bowl and top with chives.']
['Using the saute function (on low, if possible), heat the oil in the pressure cooker pot. Stir in the garlic and cook until just turning golden, about 2 minutes. Stir in the marinara sauce, 2 tablespoons of the Parmesan, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper.', 'Increase the saute heat to medium.', 'Season the chicken with the salt, oregano, and pepper to taste. Nestle the cutlets into the sauce, overlapping as little as possible, then spoon the sauce over to cover the chicken.', 'Lock the lid into place and cook on low pressure for 3 minutes. Manually release the pressure.', 'Sprinkle the mozzarella and the remaining 1 tablespoon Parmesan evenly over the chicken. Cover the pot with the lid (but dont lock it on) and let it sit for 4 to 5 minutes to melt the cheese.', 'Serve as is or, for deeper flavors and a little bit of crispiness, broil the cheese until golden and bubbling: Heat the broiler with a rack 4 inches from the heat source. Scoop the chicken and sauce into a greased small rimmed baking sheet, trying to keep the cheese on top. Broil until the cheese has browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Sprinkle with basil, if desired.']
['Heat a large pot over medium heat.', 'Add the oil, 1 cup of scallions and garlic. Saute about 2 to 3 minutes until soft then add the tomatoes and saute another minute, until soft.', 'Add chicken stock, cumin and chile powder and bring to a boil. Simmer, covered on low for about 15 minutes.', 'In four bowls, fill each with 1/2 cup chicken, 1/2 avocado, remainder of the scallions, and cilantro. Ladle 1 cup chicken broth over the chicken and serve with a lime wedge.']
['Place the corned beef brisket, carrots, pearl onions, parsley, bay leaves and peppercorns in the Instant pot and add 3 cups of water.', 'Cover and cook on high pressure 1 1/2 hours. Natural release then open.', 'Add the cabbage to the top, cover and cook on high pressure 3 minutes, quick release.', 'Remove meat and slice into 6 pieces.']
['Combine the steel cut oats and water in the bowl of your pressure cooker and stir.', 'Add the cinnamon sticks, cover and cook 6 minutes on high pressure.', 'Allow the pressure to naturally release.', 'Remove the cinnamon sticks and discard and stir in blueberries.', 'To serve, pour 1 cup of oats in each bowl, and top each with 2 tablespoons milk, 1/2 sliced banana, drizzle with 1 teaspoon honey or maple syrup and finish with a pinch of cinnamon.', 'Leftovers can be refrigerated in glass or plastic containers. To reheat, microwave for 2 to 3 minutes, until warm then add toppings.']
['Season the chicken with 1 teaspoon salt, ginger, garlic, 1/2 teaspoon garam masala, chili powder, 1/4 teaspoon turmeric and lemon juice.', 'In a large skillet over high heat, add 1 teaspoon ghee. Add half of the chicken and cook until browned, and cooked through, about 5 minutes stirring halfway.', 'Set aside and repeat with the remaining ghee and chicken. Set aside.', 'Add 2 teaspoons ghee to the skillet, reduce heat to medium-high and add the onion, cook until they become golden about 3 to 4 minutes.', 'Add the green chili, cauliflower rice, remaining 1 teaspoon of salt, 1/2 teaspoon garam masala and 1/2 teaspoon turmeric.', 'Cook, stirring until tender, about 6 minutes.', 'Stir in chicken and garnish with cilantro.', 'Serve with lemon wedges.']
['Stove top directions', 'Place bacon in a large Dutch oven or heavy pot and saute over medium heat, until cooked and crispy. Remove bacon with a slotted spoon and place on a paper towel lined plate. Set aside.', 'With the pot still over medium heat, add the onions and garlic and saute until the onions are soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle the flour over the onions, add turmeric, thyme, salt and pepper, to taste, and cook for an additional minute, stirring constantly.', 'Add the broth, potatoes and cauliflower and stir with a wooden spoon, scraping the bottom of the pot (this releases the caramelized bits on the bottom). Bring the pot to a boil then decrease to simmer, cover and cook 20 minutes.', 'Meanwhile, heat 4 ounces (about 2/3 cup) of the corn with a splash of water in a small microwave safe-dish until just defrosted, about 1 minute.', 'Remove the lid from pot and transfer the cauliflower, 1 cup of the soup and warmed corn to a blender and blend until smooth. Transfer puree back to the pot.', 'Add the remainder of the frozen corn, the milk and cheese. Mix then simmer for 3 minutes or until the cheese is melted and soup is heated through. Taste and adjust salt, if necessary. Serve topped with reserved bacon pieces.', 'Instant Pot directions', 'Press the saute button on an electric pressure cooker. Add the bacon and saute until cooked and crispy. Remove bacon with a slotted spoon and place on a paper towel lined plate. Set aside.', 'In the pressure cooker (still on saute), add the onions and garlic and saute until the onions are soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle the flour over the onions, add turmeric, thyme, salt and pepper, to taste, and cook for an additional minute, stirring constantly.', 'Add the broth, potatoes and cauliflower and stir with a wooden spoon, scraping the bottom of the pot (this releases the caramelized bits on the bottom).', 'Seal and cook on high pressure for 10 minutes. Quick release, then open when the pressure subsides.', 'Meanwhile, heat the corn with 2 tablespoons of water in microwave safe-dish until just heated through, about 3 minutes.', 'Transfer the cauliflower, 1 cup of the soup and 2/3 cup warmed corn to a blender and blend until smooth. Transfer puree back to the pot and stir well.', 'Add the remainder of corn, milk and cheese. Mix then cover for 3 minutes or until the cheese is melted and soup is heated through. Taste and adjust salt, if necessary. Serve topped with reserved bacon pieces.']
Acnesol Gel is an antibiotic that fights bacteria. It is used to treat acne, which appears as spots or pimples on your face, chest or back. This medicine works by attacking the bacteria that cause these pimples.Acnesol Gel is only meant for external use and should be used as advised by your doctor. You should normally wash and dry the affected area before applying a thin layer of the medicine. It should not be applied to broken or damaged skin. Avoid any contact with your eyes, nose, or mouth. Rinse it off with water if you accidentally get it in these areas. It may take several weeks for your symptoms to improve, but you should keep using this medicine regularly. Do not stop using it as soon as your acne starts to get better. Ask your doctor when you should stop treatment.Common side effects like minor itching, burning, or redness of the skin and oily skin may be seen in some people. These are usually temporary and resolve on their own. Consult your doctor if they bother you or do not go away.It is a safe medicine, but you should inform your doctor if you have any problems with your bowels (intestines). Also, inform the doctor if you have ever had bloody diarrhea caused by taking antibiotics or if you are using any other medicines to treat skin conditions. Consult your doctor about using this medicine if you are pregnant or breastfeeding.
Ambrodil Syrup is used for treating various respiratory tract disorders associated with excessive mucus. It works by thinning and loosens mucus in the nose, windpipe and lungs and make it easier to cough out.Ambrodil Syrup should be taken with food. For better results, it is suggested to take it at the same time every day.  The dose and how often you take it depends on what you are taking it for. Your doctor will decide how much you need to improve your symptoms.  It is advised not to use it for more than 14 days without doctor consultation.The most common side effects of this medicine include vomiting, nausea, and stomach upset. Talk to your doctor if you are worried about side effects or they would not go away. Generally, it is advised not to take alcohol while on treatment.Before taking this medicine, tell your doctor if you have liver or kidney disease or if you have stomach problems. Your doctor should also know about all other medicines you are taking as many of these may make this medicine less effective or change the way it works. You must take doctor's advice before using this medicine if you are pregnant or breastfeeding.
Augmentin 625 Duo Tablet is a penicillin-type of antibiotic that helps your body fight infections caused by bacteria. It is used to treat infections of the lungs (e.g., pneumonia), ear, nasal sinus, urinary tract, skin and soft tissue. It will not work for viral infections such as the common cold.Augmentin 625 Duo Tablet is best taken with a meal to reduce the chance of a stomach upset. You should take it regularly at evenly spaced intervals as per the schedule prescribed by your doctor. Taking it at the same time every day will help you to remember to take it. The dose will depend on what you are being treated for, but you should always complete a full course of this antibiotic as prescribed by your doctor. Do not stop taking it until you have finished, even when you feel better. If you stop taking it early, some bacteria may survive and the infection may come back or worsen.The most common side effects of this medicine include vomiting, nausea, and diarrhea. These are usually mild but let your doctor know if they bother you or will not go away.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you are allergic to any antibiotics or have any kidney or liver problems. You should also let your healthcare team know about all other medicines you are taking as they may affect, or be affected by, this medicine. This medicine is generally regarded as safe to use during pregnancy and breastfeeding if prescribed by a doctor.
Azithral 500 Tablet is an antibiotic used to treat various types of bacterial infections of the respiratory tract, ear, nose, throat, lungs, skin, and eye in adults and children. It is also effective in typhoid fever and some sexually transmitted diseases like gonorrhea.Azithral 500 Tablet is a broad-spectrum type of antibiotic effective in killing many types of gram-positive bacteria, some types of gram-negative bacteria and other microorganisms. This medicine is taken orally, preferably either one hour before or 2 hours after a meal. It should be used regularly at evenly spaced time intervals as prescribed by your doctor. Do not skip any doses and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. Stopping the medicine too early may lead to the return or worsening of the infection.Commonly seen side effects seen with this medicine include vomiting, nausea, stomach pain, and diarrhea. These are usually temporary and subside with the completion of treatment. Consult your doctor if you find these side effects worry you or persist for a longer duration.Inform your doctor if you have any previous history of allergy or heart problems before taking this medicine. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before using this medicine.
Alkasol Oral Solution is a medicine used in the treatment of gout and kidney stones. It stops the production of uric acid in the body and reduces the episodes of gout attack and prevent kidney stones.Alkasol Oral Solution can be taken with or without food. This will prevent you from getting an upset stomach. Take it regularly and do not stop taking the medicine even if you get better until that doctor tell you it is alright to stop.The most common side effect of this medicine is stomach pain. It may also cause diarrhea, excessive production of urine, tiredness, etc. If any of these side effects does not resolve with time or get worsen, you should let your doctor know. Your doctor may help with ways to reduce or prevent these symptoms by reducing the dose or prescribing an alternative medicine.To make sure the medicine is safe for you, before taking this medicine, let your doctor know all the other medicines you are taking. Also tell your doctor if you have any problems with your heart, kidneys, or liver. If you are pregnant or breastfeeding, consult your doctor first before taking this medicine.
Allegra 120mg Tablet belongs to a group of medicines called antihistamines. It is used to treat various allergic conditions such as hay fever, conjunctivitis and some skin reactions such as eczema, hives and reactions to bites and stings. It also relieves watery eyes, runny nose, sneezing, and itching.Allegra 120mg Tablet should be taken on an empty stomach. The dose may vary depending on what you are taking it for. Take it as prescribed by your doctor. You may need this medicine only on days you have the symptoms, or you may need to take it every day to prevent the symptoms from happening. If you stop taking it earlier than advised, your symptoms may come back.This medicine is generally very safe. The most common side effects include headache, drowsiness, dizziness, and nausea. These are usually mild and go away after a couple of days as your body adjusts. Consult your doctor if any of the side effects persist or worry you.Before taking it, tell your doctor if you have any problems with your liver or kidneys or with your heart as antihistamines can cause your heart to beat faster. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult with their doctor before taking it. Avoid drinking alcohol as it can cause excessive drowsiness with this medicine. It usually does not impair your ability to drive, but you should not drive if it makes you feel sleepy or dizzy.
Ascoril LS Syrup is a combination medicine used in the treatment of cough with mucus. It thins mucus in the nose, windpipe and lungs, making it easier to cough out. It also provides relief from runny nose, sneezing, itching, and watery eyes.Ascoril LS Syrup is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, diarrhea, stomach pain, vomiting, muscle cramp, headache, skin rash, and increased heart rate. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can make sleepiness worse.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Aciloc 150 Tablet is a medicine that reduces the amount of excess acid make by your stomach. It is used to treat and prevent heartburn, indigestion and other symptoms caused by too much acid in the stomach. It is also used to treat and prevent stomach ulcers, reflux disease and some other rare conditions.Aciloc 150 Tablet is also commonly prescribed to prevent stomach ulcers and heartburn caused by the use of painkillers. It can be taken with or without food. How much you need, and how often you take it will depend on what you are being treated for. Follow the advice of your doctor while taking this medicine. This medicine should relieve indigestion and heartburn within a few hours. You may only need to take it for a short time when you have symptoms. If you are taking it to prevent ulcers and other conditions you may need to take it for longer. You should keep taking it regularly to prevent problems from happening in the future. You may be able to help improve your symptoms by eating smaller meals more often and avoiding spicy or fatty foods.Most people do not experience any side effects while taking this medicine. However, the most common side effects include headache, constipation, feeling drowsy or tired, and diarrhea. These side effects are usually mild and will go away when you stop taking this medicine or as you adjust to it. Consult your doctor if any of these side effects bother you or do not go away.Before taking it, inform your doctor if you have any kidney or liver problems. Also tell your doctor what other medicines you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by, this medicine. This medicine is usually considered safe to take during pregnancy and breastfeeding if it has been prescribed by a doctor. Avoid drinking alcohol as this can increase the amount of acid in your stomach and make your symptoms worse.
Avil 25 Tablet is an antiallergic medication used in the treatment of various allergic conditions. It provides relief from runny nose, sneezing, congestion, itching and watery eyes.Avil 25 Tablet should be taken with food, but take it at the same time every day to get the most benefit. The dose and how often you take it depends on what you are taking it for. Your doctor will decide how much you need to improve your symptoms.  You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. In case, you have missed any doses than it is better to take the next dose as soon as you remember it. However, you should never take a double dose.Sleepiness is the most common side effect of this medicine. Avoid driving or attention-seeking activity. If these bother you or appear serious, let your doctor know. There may be ways of reducing or preventing them. In some cases, it may cause dryness of mouth, so it is advised to drink more water, always carry sugar candy or maintain oral hygiene.Before taking this medicine, let your doctor know if you have glaucoma or have asthma issues or have high blood pressure. Inform your doctor if you are pregnant, or breastfeeding. Your doctor should also know about all other medicines you are taking as many of these may make this medicine less effective or change the way it works. Generally, it is advised to avoid alcohol while on treatment.
Azee 500 Tablet is an antibiotic used to treat various types of bacterial infections of the respiratory tract, ear, nose, throat, lungs, skin, and eye in adults and children. It is also effective in typhoid fever and some sexually transmitted diseases like gonorrhea.Azee 500 Tablet is a broad-spectrum type of antibiotic effective in killing many types of gram-positive bacteria, some types of gram-negative bacteria and other microorganisms. This medicine is taken orally, preferably either one hour before or 2 hours after a meal. It should be used regularly at evenly spaced time intervals as prescribed by your doctor. Do not skip any doses and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. Stopping the medicine too early may lead to the return or worsening of the infection.Commonly seen side effects seen with this medicine include vomiting, nausea, stomach pain, and diarrhea. These are usually temporary and subside with the completion of treatment. Consult your doctor if you find these side effects worry you or persist for a longer duration.Inform your doctor if you have any previous history of allergy or heart problems before taking this medicine. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before using this medicine.
Aciloc RD 20 Tablet is a prescription medicine used to treat gastroesophageal reflux disease (Acid reflux) and peptic ulcer disease by relieving the symptoms such as heartburn, stomach pain, or irritation. It also neutralizes the acid in the stomach and promotes easy passage of gas to reduce stomach discomfort.Aciloc RD 20 Tablet is taken without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.Most common side effects are diarrhea, stomach pain, dryness in mouth, headache, and flatulence. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any side effects. It may also cause dizziness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your dizziness. Lifestyle modifications like having cold milk and avoiding hot tea, coffee, spicy food or chocolate can help you to get better results.Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Arcolane 2% Scalp Solution belongs to a group of medicines called antifungals. It is used to treat fungal infections of the skin. It works by killing the fungus that causes infections such as athlete’s foot, thrush and ringworm.Arcolane 2% Scalp Solution should be used in the dose and duration as prescribed by your doctor. This medicine should be used regularly to get the maximum benefit from it. Do not use more than you need, it will not clear your condition faster and may only increase the side effects. Skin infections will usually get better after 2 to 4 weeks. Do not use the medicine for longer than your doctor has told you to and let him or her know if your condition does not improve after 2 to 4 weeks of treatment. If you have Athlete’s foot, wash your socks or tights thoroughly and change your shoes daily if possible.The most common side effects of using this medicine include a burning sensation and irritation, dryness, peeling, or blistering of the skin. Occasionally it can cause thinning of your hair. These are not usually serious, but you should call your doctor if you think you might have a severe allergic reaction. Signs of this include rash, swelling of the lips, throat or face, swallowing, or breathing problems. Get emergency help if this happens. Avoid direct contact with your eyes. In the case of direct contact, wash your eyes with water and seek immediate medical attention.It is not likely that other medicines you take by mouth or injection will affect the way this medicine works, but talk to your doctor before using it if you have recently used another medicine that contains a steroid or had an allergic reaction to another antifungal medicine. For pregnant or breastfeeding women, this cream should only be used if it is clearly needed.
Atarax 25mg Tablet is an antihistamine used to treat symptoms of skin allergy like itching, swelling, and rashes. It is also used to treat anxiety and helps to get relaxed before or after surgery.Atarax 25mg Tablet should be taken with or without food, but take it at the same time every day to get the most benefit.  It should be taken as your doctor's advice. The dose and how often you take it depends on what you are taking it for. Your doctor will decide how much you need to improve your symptoms.  You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. In case, you have missed any doses than it is better to take the next dose as soon as you remember it. However, you should never take a double dose.The most common side effects of this medicine include sedation, nausea, vomiting, stomach upset and constipation.  If these bother you or appear serious, let your doctor know. There may be ways of reducing or preventing them. You must avoid driving or attention-seeking activity while on treatment.Before taking this medicine, let your doctor know if you have heart problems or have high blood pressure, have liver or kidney problems. Inform your doctor if you are pregnant, or breastfeeding. Your doctor should also know about all other medicines you are taking as many of these may make this medicine less effective or change the way it works. Generally, it is advised to avoid alcohol while on treatment.
Altraday Capsule SR is a combination of two medicines. It is used to reduce pain and inflammation in conditions like rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and osteoarthritis. It may also be used to relieve muscle pain, back pain, toothache, or pain in the ear and throat.Altraday Capsule SR can be taken with or without food. The dose will depend on what you are taking it for and how well it helps your symptoms. You should take it as advised by your doctor. Do not take more or use it for a longer duration than recommended by the doctor.The most common side effects of this medicine include nausea, flatulence, indigestion, diarrhea, and constipation. If any of these side effects bother you or get worse, you should speak to your doctor. Your doctor may be able to suggest ways of preventing or reducing the side effects.Before taking it, you should let your doctor know if you have a history of ulcer or bleeding in your stomach, high blood pressure, or have any trouble with your heart, kidneys, or liver. Let your doctor also know about all the other medicines you are taking because they may affect, or be affected by, this medicine.Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before starting treatment. You should also avoid drinking alcohol while you are taking this medicine, as alcohol can cause excessive drowsiness.
Anovate Cream is a combination medicine used for the treatment of piles (hemorrhoids). It relieves the pain, swelling, itching and discomfort associated with passing of stools in people who suffer this problem in the anal area.Anovate Cream must be used as per doctor's prescription. It is for external use only. Before using the medicine check the label for directions of use and apply gently on the clean and dry affected area. You should always wash your hands after applying it. Avoid getting it into your eyes or mouth. If accidental exposure occurs, rinse thoroughly with water.There are no major side effects associated with this medicine but can cause application site burning or irritation. Do not use this medicine if you are allergic to it.
Ambrodil-S Syrup is a combination medicine used in the treatment of cough. It thins mucus in the nose, windpipe and lungs making it easier to cough out. It also relaxes the muscles in your airway. Together, they make breathing easier.Ambrodil-S Syrup is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are headache, palpitations, stomach upset, tremor, muscle cramp, and Increased heart rate. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause dizziness and sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your sleepiness.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. Keep it out of reach of children. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking it, you should tell your doctor if you have any liver or kidney diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before taking this medicine.
Allegra-M Tablet is a combination medicine used in the treatment of allergy symptoms such as runny nose, stuffy nose, sneezing, watery eyes and congestion or stuffiness.Allegra-M Tablet is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, diarrhea, vomiting, skin rash, flu-like symptoms, and headache. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine may cause dizziness and sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your sleepiness.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before you start taking this medicine it is important to inform your doctor if you are suffering from liver or kidney disease. You should also tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding.
Ascoril D Plus Syrup Sugar Free is a combination medicine used in the treatment of dry cough. It relieves allergic symptoms such as sneezing, runny nose, watery eyes, and throat irritation. It also provides relief from congestion or stuffiness in the nose.Ascoril D Plus Syrup Sugar Free is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, vomiting, loss of appetite, and headache. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your sleepiness.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Arkamin Tablet is a medicine used in the treatment of hypertension (high blood pressure). It lowers the blood pressure by relaxing the blood vessels. Lowering the blood pressure helps to prevent future stroke and heart attack.Arkamin Tablet is also used to prevent migraine and hot flushes in women during menopause. This medicine can be taken with or without food but it is better to take it at the same time every day. You should always take this medicine as advised by the doctor and should never stop it without consulting the doctor. Most people with high blood pressure do not feel ill, but if you stop taking this medicine, your condition could get worse. This may lead to your blood pressure rising up again and increase your risk of heart disease and stroke. You should monitor your blood pressure regularly while taking this medicine.Common side effects of this medicine include dizziness, headache, nausea, fatigue, dry mouth, and constipation. Consult your doctor if these side effects bother you.Before taking this medicine, it is better to let your doctor know if you are suffering from any kidney or liver disease. Also, pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers should consult a doctor before taking it.
Axcer  90mg Tablet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelets or blood thinners. It reduces the formation of harmful blood clots in blood vessels. This helps to prevent a heart attack or stroke in people with heart disease.Axcer  90mg Tablet is also used to treat people with a recent heart attack or severe heart-related chest pain (unstable angina), who have undergone stenting of the heart. It helps to prevent serious heart-related problems like having another heart attack, stroke, or formation of blood clots in stents in such people.Your doctor will also prescribe aspirin, another antiplatelet medicine, along with this medicine. Axcer  90mg Tablet may be taken with or without food and should be taken regularly at the same time each day. It is important to keep taking it even if you feel well. If you stop taking this medicine, it may increase your chances of having another heart attack or stroke.The most common side effect seen with this medicine is bleeding. If you cut or injure yourself, it may take longer than usual for the bleeding to stop. Such episodes of bleeding are usually mild and resolve on their own. Some people may develop mild breathlessness after taking this medicine, however, this usually resolves on its own with continued treatment. Let your doctor know if bleeding persists or if the breathlessness worsens or does not go away.Axcer  90mg Tablet is not suitable for some people. Do not take it if you are bleeding from anywhere in the body such as a stomach ulcer or bleeding within the brain, or if you have severe liver problems.
Androanagen Solution is used to treat hair loss. It works by increasing blood flow to the hair follicles which further prevents hair loss and stimulates re-growth resulting in longer, thicker and increased numbers of hair.Androanagen Solution should only be applied directly to the scalp area in the amount, and in the way, specified on the label or by your doctor. Clean and dry your scalp before using it. It may take several months before you notice any hair growth and the first growth may be soft, colorless and barely visible. Using more than recommended will not speed up hair growth and may cause dangerous side effects. This medication must be used continuously to maintain hair growth. If your condition does not improve or worsens after using it for 4 to 6 months, tell your doctor.It is generally safe and suitable for most people but has some potential side effects. The most common are headache, itching or irritation of the scalp.  This should not happen if you use it correctly and avoid contact with broken skin. If you get it in your eyes, mouth or broken skin, rinse thoroughly with plenty of water. Talk to your doctor if you are bothered by side effects, or they do not go away.It should not be used by pregnant women. Consult your doctor if you are breastfeeding mother. It may not be appropriate if your hair loss is due to medications (such as chemotherapy) or any nutritional deficiency. You should also not use this medicine if you have high blood pressure or are using other creams or lotions to treat other scalp conditions.
Acnestar Gel is a combination medicine that is used to treats acne. It minimizes excessive oil production, thus reduces inflammation. It also prevents the growth of the microorganisms that cause acne. This also helps to prevent pimples, blackheads, and whiteheads on the skin.Acnestar Gel is only meant for external use and should be used as advised by your doctor. A thin layer of the medicine should be applied only to the affected areas of the skin with clean and dry hands. Wash your hands before and after applying the medicine. If it gets into your eyes, nose, mouth, or vagina rinse with water. It may take several days to weeks for your symptoms to improve, but you should keep using this medicine regularly. The course of the treatment should be completed to ensure better efficacy of the medicine. If your condition does not improve or gets worse, you should talk to your doctor.This is usually a safe medicine, however, it may cause dryness, peeling, redness, and burning sensation at the application site. These side effects are usually mild and self-limiting. Most of these side effects can be prevented by using a skin moisturizer and drinking plenty of water. Serious side effects are rare. You must consult the doctor if you experience any allergic reaction (rashes, itching, swelling, shortness of breath, etc.).Before using this medicine, it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines for the same disease or other diseases. Pregnant and breastfeeding women should use this medicine with proper consultation and caution. If you are a known allergic to the medicine, you must refrain from using this medicine and consult your doctor. During the course of the treatment, do not touch, prick or scratch the infected skin areas as this may worsen or spread the acne. Avoid unnecessary sun exposure and use a sunscreen before stepping out in the sun. It is also advised, not to receive any cosmetic procedures without asking your doctor.
Asthakind-DX Syrup Sugar Free is a combination medicine used in the treatment of dry cough. It relieves allergic symptoms such as sneezing, runny nose, watery eyes, and throat irritation. It also provides relief from congestion or stuffiness in the nose.Asthakind-DX Syrup Sugar Free is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, vomiting, loss of appetite, and headache. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your sleepiness.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Allegra 180mg Tablet belongs to a group of medicines called antihistamines. It is used to treat various allergic conditions such as hay fever, conjunctivitis and some skin reactions such as eczema, hives, and reactions to bites and stings. It relieves watery eyes, runny nose, sneezing, and itching.Allegra 180mg Tablet should be taken empty stomach. The dose may vary depending on what you are taking it for. Take it as it has been prescribed by your doctor. You may need this medicine only on days you have symptoms, or you may need to take it every day to prevent symptoms from happening. If you stop taking it earlier than advised, your symptoms may come back.This medicine is generally very safe. The most common side effects include headache, drowsiness, dizziness, and nausea. These are usually mild and go away after a couple of days as your body adjusts. Consult your doctor if any of the side effects persist or worry you.Before taking it, you should tell your doctor if you have any problems with your liver or kidneys or with your heart as antihistamines can cause your heart to beat faster. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult with their doctor before taking it. Avoid drinking alcohol as it can cause excessive drowsiness with this medicine. It usually does not impair your ability to drive, but you should not drive if it makes you feel sleepy or dizzy.
Amlokind-AT Tablet is used to treat hypertension (high blood pressure). This is a combination of two medicines that controls blood pressure when a single medication is not effective. It helps to lower high blood pressure and thus reduces the chances of future heart attack and stroke.You can take Amlokind-AT Tablet at any time of day, on empty stomach, but it is best to take it at the same time each day. Keep taking it for as long as advised by your doctor. Even if you feel well, do not stop this medicine on your own because high blood pressure often has no symptoms. If you stop taking it, your condition may get worse. Keeping active with regular exercise, reducing your weight and eating a healthy diet will also help control your blood pressure. Follow your doctor’s advice while taking this medicine.It may cause side effects like headache, ankle swelling, slow heart rate, and nausea. It may also cause dizziness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. This might raise the level of potassium in the blood, hence avoid potassium rich food or supplements. You may be asked for regular monitoring of blood pressure, kidney function, and electrolytes level while on the treatment.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you have any liver or kidney problems. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor for advice before taking this medicine. You also need to tell your doctor what other medicines you are taking especially those used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions.
Ativan 2mg Tablet is a prescription medicine used to treat anxiety disorders such as generalized anxiety disorder (excessive worry or restlessness), obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD), panic attacks and social phobias. It is also used for the short-term relief of the symptoms of anxiety.Ativan 2mg Tablet relieves symptoms of anxiety such as nervousness, rapid breathing, increased heart rate, excessive sweating, trembling, weakness or lack of concentration. It may be taken with or without food. However, take it at the same time each day as this helps to maintain a consistent level of medicine in the body. Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor as it has a high potential of habit-forming.If you have missed any doses, take it as soon as you remember it and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. You should not stop this medication without talking to your doctor as it may cause nausea and anxiety.Some common side effects of this medicine include weakness, sedation and balance disorder (loss of balance). It may also cause dizziness and sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Talk to your doctor about potential side effects and ways you might prevent or cope with them. You may also get side effects after stopping the treatment.Before taking the medicine you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning to become pregnant, or breastfeeding. Taking it along with alcohol affects the way it works and can increase the chance of side effects. If you have been taking this medicine for a long time then regular monitoring of blood and liver functions may be required.
Atarax 10mg Tablet is an antihistamine used to treat symptoms of skin allergy like itching, swelling, and rashes. It is also used to treat anxiety and helps to get relaxed before or after surgery.Atarax 10mg Tablet should be taken with or without food, but take it at the same time every day to get the most benefit.  It should be taken as your doctor's advice. The dose and how often you take it depends on what you are taking it for. Your doctor will decide how much you need to improve your symptoms.  You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. In case, you have missed any doses than it is better to take the next dose as soon as you remember it. However, you should never take a double dose.The most common side effects of this medicine include sedation, nausea, vomiting, stomach upset and constipation.  If these bother you or appear serious, let your doctor know. There may be ways of reducing or preventing them. You must avoid driving or attention-seeking activity while on treatment.Before taking this medicine, let your doctor know if you have heart problems or have high blood pressure, have liver or kidney problems. Inform your doctor if you are pregnant, or breastfeeding. Your doctor should also know about all other medicines you are taking as many of these may make this medicine less effective or change the way it works. Generally, it is advised to avoid alcohol while on treatment.
Aptimust Syrup is a combination medicine used to treat loss of appetite. It is an effective appetite stimulant. It works by reducing the effect of a chemical messenger which regulates appetite.Aptimust Syrup is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are constipation, dryness in mouth, and blurred vision. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. It can cause dizziness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your sleepiness.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. Before taking it, you should tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor.
Alex Syrup is a combination medicine used in the treatment of dry cough. It relieves allergic symptoms such as sneezing, runny nose, watery eyes, and throat irritation. It also provides relief from congestion or stuffiness in the nose.Alex Syrup is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, vomiting, loss of appetite, and headache. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your sleepiness.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Akt 4 Kit is a combination medicine used in the treatment of tuberculosis. It prevents the growth of the microorganisms that cause the infection.Akt 4 Kit is a prescription medicine and it is to be taken it as suggested by the doctor. It should be taken in an empty stomach and take it at a fixed time to ensure better efficacy. Do not consume more than the recommended dose, as this may have harmful effects on your body. If you miss a dose, take it as soon as you remember. The course of the treatment must be completed even if you feel better. Sudden discontinuation of the treatment may affect the potency of the medicine. The medicine may take some to show its effects on the symptoms. However, it is advised to consult the doctor if you feel an aggravation of the condition or if your condition does not improve.Some common side effects of this medicine are nausea, vomiting, fever, dark-colored urine, sweating, increased saliva, etc. To cope up with the side effects, you should drink plenty of water. If any of the side effects get aggravated, you must consult your doctor immediately. Generally, serious side effects are rare. If you experience any allergic reaction (rashes, itching, swelling, shortness of breath, etc.), you must seek immediate medical help.Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are taking any medicines for any health condition. Patients with liver and kidney ailments must take this medicine with proper consultation and caution. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult with the doctor before taking it. Avoid drinking alcohol as it can cause excessive drowsiness with this medicine. It usually does not impair your ability to drive, but you should not drive if it makes you feel sleepy or dizzy. During the treatment, you must take adequate rest and eat a healthy diet for a faster recovery. While on the medication, your doctor may ask for a few laboratory and diagnostic tests to know the effects of the medicine on your body.
Alprax 0.25 Tablet belongs to a class of medicines known as benzodiazepines. It is a prescription medicine used to treat anxiety. It alters brain activity, calms it and provides relief from panic attacks by relaxing the nerves.Alprax 0.25 Tablet may be taken with or without food. However, it is advised to take it at the same time each day as this helps to maintain a consistent level of medicine in the body. Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor as it has a high potential of habit-forming. If you have missed a dose, take it as soon as you remember it and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. It is important that this medication is not stopped suddenly without talking to the doctor as it may cause nausea and anxiety.The most common side effect of this medicine is lightheadedness. It may cause dizziness and sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you.It may also cause weight gain or weight loss as it can vary from person to person. To prevent weight gain you can eat a healthy balanced diet, avoid snacking with high calorie foods, and exercise regularly. Weight loss can be managed by increasing food portions and consulting a dietitian. If you have been taking this medicine for a long time than regular monitoring of blood and liver functions may be required.
A-Ret 0.1% Gel is a form of vitamin A that is used to treat acne which appears as spots or pimples on your face, chest or back. It also helps to smooth rough facial skin and to reduce fine wrinkles on the skin.A-Ret 0.1% Gel reduces excessive oil production of the skin. Ideally, a pinpoint application at nighttime is recommended for the duration prescribed by your doctor. The amount you need and for how long you need to take it will depend on what you are being treated for. You should normally wash and dry the affected area before applying a thin layer of this medicine. Follow your doctor’s instructions. You should not apply it to damaged or broken skin and avoid contact with your mouth, eyes, and nose. It may take several weeks for your symptoms to improve but keep using it regularly to get the most benefit. Consult your doctor again if you do not notice any improvement after a few weeks. Using more medicine or applying it more often than prescribed will not make it work any faster and may increase the side effects.The most common side effects include irritation, dryness, and redness of the skin. They are usually mild and improve as your body gets used to the medicine. Drink plenty of water and use moisturizer as it may lead to dryness of the mouth, lips, and eyes. Let your doctor know if these side effects bother you or do not go away. Serious side effects with this medicine are rare.This medicine may make you more sensitive to sunlight so you should limit exposure to the sun if possible. It may make your skin more fragile. It is advised, not to have any waxing (hair removal), or laser treatments during treatment. Pregnant women or women who are planning to get pregnant should not use this medicine as it can lead to birth defects.
Aldactone Tablet is a medicine known as a diuretic (water pill). It is mainly used in the treatment of heart failure and high blood pressure. It reduces the swelling (edema) caused by some other conditions. This medicine is also used to treat low potassium levels in the body (hypokalemia).Aldactone Tablet should be taken with food at the same time each day to get the most benefit. Taking it early in the day can help prevent you from having to get up at night to go to the toilet frequently, You should keep using this medicine as it has been prescribed, even if you feel well. If you stop taking it, your condition may get worse. Follow your doctor's advice about the type and amount of liquids you should drink. If you are being treated for high blood pressure, lifestyle changes such as exercising regularly, and making changes to your diet like a low-salt diet may increase the effectiveness of this medicine.The common side effects include nausea, vomiting, dizziness and swelling, or tenderness of your breasts (men and women). If these bother you, or appear serious, let your doctor know. There may be ways of reducing or preventing them. Drinking alcohol can increase certain side effects and should be avoided.You should be careful about using Aldactone Tablet if you have kidney problems or are unable to urinate. Before taking it, tell your doctor if you have ever had kidney, liver or heart disease or are pregnant. Also let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are using as they may affect, or be affected by this medicine. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before taking this medicine. While using this medicine, you may be advised to limit your intake of salt or salt substitutes, and you should have your blood pressure checked frequently. Some other tests like kidney function (e.g., creatinine) and potassium levels will be done to monitor your progress.
AF Kit Tablet is a combination medicine used in syndromic management of vaginal discharge. It works by stopping the growth of microorganisms and killing the existing ones that cause the infection.It is advisable to take AF Kit Tablet at a fixed time each day to maintain consistent levels of the medicine in the blood. In case you have missed any doses, take it as soon as you remember it. Never skip any doses and finish a full course of treatment even if you feel better. It is important that this medication is not stopped without talking to the doctor as it may worsen your symptoms. It may cause side effects like nausea, headache, vomiting, taste change, dizziness, indigestion, loss of appetite, and stomach pain. It may cause diarrhea, so it is better to take plenty of fluids while taking this medicine as it may help to prevent dehydration.
Azoran Tablet belongs to a group of medicines called immunosuppressants. It is used with other medicines to prevent your body rejecting an organ (such as a kidney, heart or liver) after a transplant. It is also used in the treatment of treat rheumatoid arthritis.Azoran Tablet works by weakening the body’s immune system, so it does not attack the new organ. The amount of medicine to be taken and how often you need to take it will depend on the type of transplant you have. Follow your doctor’s instructions on this. You should take it along with food. Swallow it as a whole,  do not crush, chew, break, or open them. Take the medicine regularly to get the most benefit and keep taking it even if you feel well. If you stop taking it, you may increase the chances of rejecting your transplanted organ. The treatment will continue for as long as you need it to prevent rejection.It has many potential side effects. The most common are loss of appetite, nausea and increased risk of bleeding. Because it suppresses your immune system, you may catch more infections than usual. There’s also an increased risk of developing some cancers for this reason. To reduce your risk of skin cancer, limit your exposure to the sun and use a protective cream. There is a long list of potential side effects. You should ask your doctor about them and what signs to look out for because some can be serious and need urgent medical attention.Azoran Tablet can cause birth defects and miscarriages so do not take it if you are pregnant, planning to become pregnant or breastfeeding. You should talk to your doctor before taking this medicine if you have any signs of infection or if you have any unexpected bruising or bleeding. Your doctor also needs to know what other medicines you are taking as there are many which interact with this medicine and affect the way it works. You will have regular tests to check for any changes in the number of your blood cells.
Augmentin DDS Suspension is a penicillin-type of antibiotic that helps your body fight infections caused by bacteria. It is used to treat infections of the lungs (e.g., pneumonia), ear, nasal sinus, urinary tract, skin and soft tissue. It will not work for viral infections such as the common cold.Augmentin DDS Suspension is best taken with a meal to reduce the chance of a stomach upset. You should take it regularly at evenly spaced intervals as per the schedule prescribed by your doctor. Taking it at the same time every day will help you to remember to take it. The dose will depend on what you are being treated for, but you should always complete a full course of this antibiotic as prescribed by your doctor. Do not stop taking it until you have finished, even when you feel better. If you stop taking it early, some bacteria may survive and the infection may come back or worsen.The most common side effects of this medicine include vomiting, nausea, and diarrhea. These are usually mild but let your doctor know if they bother you or will not go away.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you are allergic to any antibiotics or have any kidney or liver problems. You should also let your healthcare team know about all other medicines you are taking as they may affect, or be affected by, this medicine. This medicine is generally regarded as safe to use during pregnancy and breastfeeding if prescribed by a doctor.
Atorva 40 Tablet belongs to a group of medicines called statins. It is used to lower cholesterol and to reduce the risk of heart disease. Cholesterol is a fatty substance that builds up in your blood vessels and causes narrowing, which may lead to a heart attack or stroke.Atorva 40 Tablet is a widely prescribed medicine and is regarded as safe for long-term use when taken as per doctor's advice. It can be taken with a meal or on an empty stomach. You can take it at any time of the day but try to take it at the same time each day. Most people with high cholesterol do not feel ill, but stopping your medicine may increase your cholesterol levels, making your condition worse and increasing your risk of heart disease and stroke.It is important to have your cholesterol levels checked regularly. This medicine is only one part of the treatment program which should also include a healthy diet, regular exercise, smoking cessation, moderation of alcohol intake and weight reduction. You can eat normally while taking this medicine, but try to avoid foods that are high in fat. Common side effects of this medicine include constipation, flatulence, dyspepsia, and abdominal pain. These are usually mild and disappear after a short time. Consult your doctor if they persist or if you notice any yellowing of your eyes or get repeated or unexplained muscle pains. This medicine should not be used in some conditions such as liver disease. Also, pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers should not take this medicine as it may harm the developing baby. Diabetic patients should monitor their blood sugar levels while taking this medicine, as it may lead to an increase in blood sugar levels. Your doctor may check your liver function before starting the treatment and monitor it regularly thereafter.
Amlokind 5 Tablet belongs to a class of medicines known as a calcium channel blockers. It is used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension) and prevent angina (heart-related chest pain). It lowers blood pressure and reduces the workload of the heart which helps in preventing heart attacks and strokes.Amlokind 5 Tablet may be prescribed alone or along with other medicines. The dose depends on what you are taking it for and the severity of your condition. You can take it at any time of the day, with or without food, but it is best to take it at the same time each day. You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. Even if you feel well, do not stop this medicine on your own because high blood pressure often has no symptoms. If you stop taking it, your condition may get worse. Keeping yourself active with regular exercise, reducing your weight, and eating a healthy diet will also help control your blood pressure. Follow your doctor’s advice while taking this medicine.The most common side effects include fatigue, swelling in the feet or ankles, sleepiness, dizziness, flushing, headache, and unusual beating of the heart (palpitations). Consult your doctor if any of these side effects bother you or do not go away.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you have any liver, heart or kidney problems. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor for advice before taking this medicine. You also need to tell your doctor what other medicines you are taking, especially those used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions. You should have your blood pressure checked regularly to make sure that this medicine is working properly.
AB Phylline Capsule is used to treat and prevent symptoms of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (a lung disorder in which flow of air to the lung is blocked). It helps in relaxing the muscles of the air passages, thus widening it and making it easier to breathe.AB Phylline Capsule can be taken with the food in evening. But take it at the same time every day to get the most benefit.  The dose and how often you take it depends on what you are taking it for. Your doctor will decide how much you need to improve your symptoms.  You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. Do not miss even a single dose, if in any case, you missed a dose, take it as soon as you remember or better to skip the missed dose and continue with regular dosing. It does not work immediately or prevent the already started breathing trouble, hence always carry your medical inhaler with you for an emergency.The most common side effects of this medicine include nausea, headache, vomiting, and abdominal upset or discomfort. If these bother you or appear serious, let your doctor know. There may be ways of reducing or preventing them. Generally, it is advised not to consume alcohol or do not smoke while on treatment.Before taking this medicine, let your doctor if you have kidney or liver disease or if you have heart-related problems. Your doctor should also know about all other medicines you are taking as many of these may make this medicine less effective or change the way it works. Inform your doctor if you are pregnant or breastfeeding before starting the treatment. 
Asthalin 100mcg Inhaler belongs to a group of medicines called fast-acting bronchodilators or “relievers”. It’s used to treat the symptoms of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) such as coughing, wheezing and breathlessness.Asthalin 100mcg Inhaler is called "reliever" inhalers because they give you quick relief from breathing problems when you need it. In most cases, you will be given another inhaler to prevent your symptoms (a “preventer”) and you should use this regularly every day. Asthalin 100mcg Inhaler works quickly and the effects can last several hours. You can take it at any time of day, but only use it when you notice symptoms, such as coughing, wheezing, shortness of breath, tightness in the chest or you know that you are going to do an activity that can cause breathlessness. When an asthma attack happens, you should take the number of puffs your doctor recommends. There are several types of inhaler devices so make sure you know how to use your inhaler correctly, otherwise it may not work. Do not stop using this medicine unless your doctor tells you to. If you stop, your breathing problems could get worse.Asthalin 100mcg Inhaler is generally safe and effective but may cause some common side effects which include feeling a bit shaky, changes to your heart rate, headaches, and muscle cramps. These side effects are not often dangerous and should gradually improve as your body gets used to this medicine. There are other rare, side effects and you should call your doctor straight away if you get chest pain, a very bad headache, or very bad dizziness.Before using Asthalin 100mcg Inhaler, you should tell your doctor if you have high blood pressure, an overactive thyroid gland, a history of heart problems, diabetes or low levels of potassium in your blood to make sure it is safe. Also, make sure your doctor knows if you are pregnant or breast-feeding before taking this medicine. This medicine can make you feel dizzy or shaky, therefore, do not drive, use tools, or machinery until you feel better. Avoid smoking as it causes damage to your lungs and will make your condition worse.
Alfoo 10mg Tablet PR is an alpha adrenergic antagonist that is used in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia. It helps to relieve symptoms like difficulty in passing urine. However, it does not decrease the size of the prostate.Alfoo 10mg Tablet PR is advised to take it in a dose and duration as per prescription. It should be taken with food, but take at the same time regularly. Swallow the medicine as a whole without crushing or chewing it. You should not stop taking the medicine without consulting the doctor as it may lead to the worsening of your symptoms. The course of the treatment should be completed for better efficacy of the medicine.Some common side effects of this medicine are upper respiratory tract infection, headache, and tiredness. It may also lead to blurry vision or dizziness, so it is advised to avoid driving while on the medication. If any of the side effects persist or bother you, you must consult the doctor without delay.Simple lifestyle changes can help you manage your symptoms better. Try to urinate as soon as you feel the urge, however, never strain or push to empty your bladder. You should avoid drinking caffeinated or alcoholic drinks at night and a few hours before going to bed or going out.Before receiving the treatment, inform your doctor if you are on any medication for any other health condition. If you are pregnant or breastfeeding, tell your doctor prior to the treatment. If you have to undergo eye surgery due to cataract or glaucoma than inform your eye doctor about the usage of this medicine. Patients with liver or kidney disease must be cautious while receiving the prescription, and they must receive regular follow-ups as per the doctor’s advice.
Alprax 0.5mg Tablet SR belongs to a class of medicines known as benzodiazepines. It is a prescription medicine used to treat anxiety. It alters brain activity, calms it and provides relief from panic attacks by relaxing the nerves.Alprax 0.5mg Tablet SR may be taken with or without food. However, it is advised to take it at the same time each day as this helps to maintain a consistent level of medicine in the body. Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor as it has a high potential of habit-forming. If you have missed a dose, take it as soon as you remember it and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. It is important that this medication is not stopped suddenly without talking to the doctor as it may cause nausea and anxiety.The most common side effect of this medicine is lightheadedness. It may cause dizziness and sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you.It may also cause weight gain or weight loss as it can vary from person to person. To prevent weight gain you can eat a healthy balanced diet, avoid snacking with high calorie foods, and exercise regularly. Weight loss can be managed by increasing food portions and consulting a dietitian. If you have been taking this medicine for a long time than regular monitoring of blood and liver functions may be required.
Amoxyclav 625 Tablet is a penicillin-type of antibiotic that helps your body fight infections caused by bacteria. It is used to treat infections of the lungs (e.g., pneumonia), ear, nasal sinus, urinary tract, skin and soft tissue. It will not work for viral infections such as the common cold.Amoxyclav 625 Tablet is best taken with a meal to reduce the chance of a stomach upset. You should take it regularly at evenly spaced intervals as per the schedule prescribed by your doctor. Taking it at the same time every day will help you to remember to take it. The dose will depend on what you are being treated for, but you should always complete a full course of this antibiotic as prescribed by your doctor. Do not stop taking it until you have finished, even when you feel better. If you stop taking it early, some bacteria may survive and the infection may come back or worsen.The most common side effects of this medicine include vomiting, nausea, and diarrhea. These are usually mild but let your doctor know if they bother you or will not go away.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you are allergic to any antibiotics or have any kidney or liver problems. You should also let your healthcare team know about all other medicines you are taking as they may affect, or be affected by, this medicine. This medicine is generally regarded as safe to use during pregnancy and breastfeeding if prescribed by a doctor.
Alex Junior Syrup is a combination medicine used in the treatment of dry cough. It works by reducing the activity of cough center in the brain. It relieves allergic symptoms like runny nose, watery eyes, sneezing, throat irritation.Alex Junior Syrup is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your doctor know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, upset stomach, and rash. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine may also cause dizziness and sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can make dizziness worse.It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking it, you should tell your doctor if you have liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor before taking this medicine.
Acitrom 2 Tablet is an oral anticoagulant which helps to prevent formation of harmful blood clots in the legs, lungs, brain and heart. It is used for deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism and stroke prevention.Acitrom 2 Tablet should be taken as advised by the doctor. You may take it with or without food but it is better to take it at a fixed time. This medicine should not be stopped abruptly without consulting the doctor. You should take this medicine regularly to get the most benefit, even if you feel fine. It is preventing future harm.Use of this medicine may increase your risk of bleeding. Let your doctor know immediately if you see pinpoint rash or blood in your vomits, urine, or stool. If you are going under any surgery or dental treatment then you may need to stop this medicine for some time but only after consulting with your doctor.Before taking it, you must inform the doctor if you are suffering from any kidney or liver disease. Also, let your doctor know if you are pregnant or breastfeeding and about all the other medications that you are taking regularly.
Anafortan 25 mg/300 mg Tablet is a combination medicine used in the treatment of abdominal pain. It works effectively to reduce abdominal pain and cramps by relaxing the muscles of the stomach and gut. It also blocks certain chemical messengers that cause pain and fever.Anafortan 25 mg/300 mg Tablet is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are dryness in mouth, constipation, blurred vision, and increased heart rate. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. It may also cause dizziness and drowsiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your dizziness.Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Ascoril LS Junior Syrup is a combination medicine used in the treatment of cough with mucus. It thins mucus in the nose, windpipe and lungs, making it easier to cough out. It also provides relief from runny nose, sneezing, itching, and watery eyes.Ascoril LS Junior Syrup is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, diarrhea, stomach pain, vomiting, muscle cramp, headache, skin rash, and increased heart rate. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can make sleepiness worse.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Azithral 200 Liquid is an antibiotic used to treat various types of bacterial infections of the respiratory tract, ear, nose, throat, lungs, skin, and eye in adults and children. It is also effective in typhoid fever and some sexually transmitted diseases like gonorrhea.Azithral 200 Liquid is a broad-spectrum type of antibiotic effective in killing many types of gram-positive bacteria, some types of gram-negative bacteria and other microorganisms. This medicine is taken orally, preferably either one hour before or 2 hours after a meal. It should be used regularly at evenly spaced time intervals as prescribed by your doctor. Do not skip any doses and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. Stopping the medicine too early may lead to the return or worsening of the infection.Commonly seen side effects seen with this medicine include vomiting, nausea, stomach pain, and diarrhea. These are usually temporary and subside with the completion of treatment. Consult your doctor if you find these side effects worry you or persist for a longer duration.Inform your doctor if you have any previous history of allergy or heart problems before taking this medicine. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before using this medicine.
Avomine Tablet used in the treatment of various allergic conditions like runny nose, sneezing, congestion, itching and watery eyes. It also treats nausea, vomiting and insomnia (difficulty in sleeping) in adults and used as a sedative (sleep causing) in children (for 5 years and above).Avomine Tablet should be taken with or without food, but take it at the same time every day to get the most benefit. The dose and how often you take it depends on what you are taking it for. Your doctor will decide how much you need to improve your symptoms.  You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. In case, you have missed any doses than it is better to take the next dose as soon as you remember it. However, you should never take a double dose. you must inform your doctor if symptoms does not get improve within 7 days of treatment.The most common side effects of this medicine include dry mouth, blur vision, headache, and feeling dizzy. If these bother you or appear serious, let your doctor know. There may be ways of reducing or preventing them. It makes skin more sensitive towards sunlight. use sunscreen or wear protective clothing before going out.Before taking this medicine, let your doctor know if you have glaucoma or have asthma issues or have high blood pressure. Inform your doctor if you are pregnant, or breastfeeding. Your doctor should also know about all other medicines you are taking as many of these may make this medicine less effective or change the way it works. Generally, it is advised to avoid alcohol while on treatment.
Asthalin Syrup is used to relieve symptoms of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) such as coughing, wheezing and breathlessness. It helps in relaxing the muscles of the air passages, thus widening it and making it easier to breathe.You can take Asthalin Syrup with or without food. The dose will depend on your condition and how your respond to the medicine. Try to take it at the same time each day. It is important to keep taking this medicine until your doctor tells you not to. Use this medicine regularly to get the most benefit from it even if you feel well.Asthalin Syrup is generally safe and effective but some common side effects include tremor, headache. fast heart rate, and muscle cramps. These side effects are not often dangerous and they should gradually improve as your body gets used to this medicine. There are other, rarer, side effects and you should call your doctor straight away if you get chest pain, a very bad headache or very bad dizziness.Before using Asthalin Syrupl, you should tell your doctor if you have high blood pressure, an overactive thyroid gland, a history of heart problems, diabetes or low levels of potassium in your blood to make sure it is safe. Also, make sure your doctor knows if you are pregnant or breastfeeding before taking this medicine. This medicine can make you feel dizzy or shaky so avoid driving, cycling or using tools or machinery until you feel better. You should not smoke as it causes damage to your lungs and will make your condition worse.
The Labour Party will hold its 2006 autumn conference in Manchester and not Blackpool, it has been confirmed.For years the main political parties have rotated between Blackpool, Bournemouth and Brighton.In 1998 the party said it would not return to Blackpool but did so in 2002.And the news the much larger annual conference is not to gather in Blackpool will be seen as a blow in the coastal resort.Colin Asplin, Blackpool Hotel Association said: "We have tried very hard to make sure they come back to Blackpool.It will be the first time since 1917 that the party has chosen Manchester to host the annual event.
All e-mails are subject to the freedom of information laws, but the important thing was the content of the e-mail, said Mr Thomas.The timing of the new rules just before the Freedom of Information Act comes into forces was "too unlikely to have been a coincidence", Mr Beith said.Mr Beith urged the information commissioner to look at how the "e-mail regime" could "support the freedom of information regime".Richard Thomas "totally condemned" the deletion of e-mails to prevent their disclosure under freedom of information laws coming into force on 1 January.Mr Thomas said: "The new Act of Parliament makes it very clear that to destroy records in order to prevent their disclosure becomes a criminal offence."Government guidance said e-mails should only be deleted if they served "no current purpose", Mr Thomas said.But a Cabinet Office spokeswoman said the move was not about the new laws or "the destruction of important records".He said there was already clear guidance on the retention of e-mails contained in a code of practice from the lord chancellor.
Ms Hewitt also announced a new drive to help women who want to work in male dominated sectors, saying sexism at work was still preventing women reaching their full potential."But it is also about saying childcare jobs are really there for women and not suitable for men.Earlier, she told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "What we are talking about here is the fact that about six out of 20 women work in jobs that are low-paid and typically dominated by women, so we have got very segregated employment.Women in full-time work earn 19% less than men, according to the Equal Opportunities Commission (EOC).The minister told delegates that getting rid of "career sexism" was vital to closing the gender pay gap."Career sexism limits opportunities for women of all ages and prevents them from achieving their full potential."Career sexism is about saying that engineering, for instance, where only 10% of employees are women, is really a male-dominated industry.Plans include funding for universities to help female science and engineering graduates find jobs and "taster courses" for men and women in non-traditional jobs.Plans to extend paid maternity leave beyond six months should be prominent in Labour's election manifesto, the Trade and Industry Secretary has said."The average woman working full-time is being paid about 80p for every pound a man is earning.For women working part-time it is 60p."
But Mr Balls, a prospective Labour MP, said he was confident the chancellor would meet his fiscal rules.During an interview with BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Mr Balls said he was sure Mr Brown's Budget would not put at risk the stability of the economy.Mr Balls refused to say whether Mr Brown would remain as chancellor after the election, amid speculation he will be offered the job of Foreign Secretary.Mr Balls, who stepped down from his Treasury post to stand as a Labour candidate in the election, had suggested that Mr Brown would meet his golden economic rule - "with a margin to spare"."We would say to him 'don't increase your public spending, don't give it away.Ed Balls, ex-chief economic adviser to the Treasury, said there would be no spending spree before polling day.He also stressed rise in interest rates ahead of an expected May election would not affect the Labour Party's chances of winning."If the MPC (the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee) were to judge that a rate rise was justified before the election because of the strength of the economy - and I'm not predicting that they will - I do not believe that this will be a big election issue in Britain for Labour," he told a Parliamentary lunch."I think that Gordon Brown wants to be part of the successful Labour government which delivers in the third term for the priorities of the people and sees off a Conservative Party that will take Britain backwards," Mr Balls told Today.His assurances came after Sir Digby Jones said stability was all important and any extra cash should be spent on improving workers' skills.
Earlier Mr Kennedy, whose party opposes the ID cards plan as "deeply flawed" said with Christmas coming up the new home secretary had time to think again.New Home Secretary Charles Clarke has vowed to plough on with plans for ID cards despite a call for him to "pause for thought" from Charles Kennedy.The Home Office says people will pay £85 for a passport and ID card together or a undecided fee for a separate ID card."ID cards are a means to creating a more secure society," he said.The first cards would be issued in 2008 and when he was introducing the bill, Mr Blunkett suggested Parliament could decide in 2011 or 2012 whether to make it compulsory for everybody to own the cards, although not to carry them.He told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that Mr Clarke had been reported to be less enthusiastic about ID cards than his predecessors.But Mr Clarke said he had supported the plans when Mr Blunkett argued for them in Cabinet and he supported them now.If they haven't [ID cards] they are going to be detained."Mr Clarke acknowledged how the measure was introduced remained a matter for debate but he said legislation had already been "significantly influenced" by the recommendations of the Commons' home affairs committee.
He told the Scottish Parliament on Wednesday that a "comprehensive ban" on smoking in public places would be introduced by the spring of 2006.She said: "The time has come for a ban on smoking in public places.The Scottish Green Party's health spokeswoman, Eleanor Scott, said she was pleased Scotland would be following the "success stories of New York and Ireland".Mr McConnell said the country's health rates were "lamentable" not least because of smoking.In a statement to parliament, Mr McConnell said that the licensed trade would be asked to join an expert committee prior to the ban coming into force.Mr McConnell claimed there was evidence that smoking bans had helped smokers to either give up quicker or smoke less.The health arguments far outweighed lingering public disquiet about a complete ban and claims by the licensed trade that jobs would be lost, he told MSPs.The Scottish Conservative Party leader, David McLetchie, questioned what would be exempted from the ban.Earlier, the Scottish Executive considered a range of options but agreed unanimously to introduce an all-out ban on smoking in public places.He said fines of up to £2,500 would be levied on employers and licences would be removed for non-compliance."It is clear that Scotland must not be held back by poor public health - the single biggest contribution devolved government can make is to reduce the toll of preventable death caused by smoking."
She said her party would boost maternity pay in the first six months to allow more women to stay at home in that time.She said new mothers were already entitled to 12 months leave, but that many women could not take it as only six of those months were paid.The Tories dismissed the maternity pay plan as "desperate", while the Liberal Democrats said it was misdirected.She said ministers would consult on other proposals that could see fathers being allowed to take some of their partner's maternity pay or leave period, or extending the rights of flexible working to carers or parents of older children.Liberal Democrat spokeswoman for women Sandra Gidley said: "While mothers would welcome any extra maternity pay the Liberal Democrats feel this money is being misdirected."We will definitely extend the maternity pay, from the six months where it now is to nine months, that's the extra £1,400."Ms Hewitt said: "We have already doubled the length of maternity pay, it was 13 weeks when we were elected, we have already taken it up to 26 weeks.Other plans include letting maternity pay be given to fathers and extending rights to parents of older children.
The NAO report said that this sale went through because it avoided many of the problems of the previous attempt to sell the Dome.He said: "This report also shows that the first attempt to sell the Dome proved a complete fiasco.Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott said a good deal had been secured."Delivery of the many benefits secured through this deal will continue the substantial progress already made at the Millennium Village and elsewhere on the peninsula," he said.NAO head Sir John Bourn said: "In difficult circumstances following the failure of the first competition, English Partnerships and the office of the deputy prime minister have worked hard to get a deal."The report said too many parties were involved in decision-making when the attraction first went on sale after the Millennium exhibition ended.
Mr Blair said that whether the public chose Michael Howard or Mr Kennedy, it would result in "a Tory government not a Labour government and a country that goes back and does not move forward".Tory co-chairman Liam Fox was speaking after Mr Blair told Labour members the Tories offered a "hard right agenda".Dr Fox refused to discuss weekend newspaper reports that the party had repaid £500,000 to former Tory Treasurer Lord Ashcroft after he said the party could not win the election.The Lib Dems accuse Mr Blair of making a "touchy-feely" speech to Labour delegates which will not help him regain public trust.The Tory co-chairman attacked Labour's six new pledges as "vacuous" and said Mr Blair was very worried voters would take revenge for his failure to deliver.Dr Fox accused Mr Blair and other Cabinet ministers of telling lies about their opponents' policies and then attacking the lies.In what was seen as a highly personal speech in Gateshead on Sunday, Mr Blair said: "I have the same passion and hunger as when I first walked through the door of 10 Downing Street."Meanwhile Lib Dem leader Charles Kennedy is expected to attack Mr Blair's words as he begins a nationwide tour on Monday.He would not discuss reports the party repaid £500,000 to Lord Ashcroft after he predicted an election defeat.
But the Scottish National Party and the Tories say the issue of super-casinos should be decided in Scotland and believe the executive is shirking its responsibility.Scottish ministers insist they will still have the final say on whether a super-casino will be built in Scotland.A decision on whether to allow Westminster to legislate on super-casinos is set to be made by the Scottish Parliament.The Scottish Executive believes that the legislation should be handled by Westminster.
But she said there was a difference between the experiences of women before the 1997 intake and afterwards.Even after the great influx of women MPs at the 1997 general election, and greater numbers of women in the Cabinet, female MPs often say they feel stuck on the edge of a male world.This was mainly because there were more women present in Parliament who were not prepared to "put up with" the sexist attitudes they came across, Prof Lovenduski said.Male MPs pretended to juggle imaginary breasts and jeered "melons" as women made Commons speeches, researchers from Birkbeck College were told.Prof Joni Lovenduski, who conducted the study with the help of Margaret Moran MP and a team of journalists, said she was shocked at the findings.But she added: "Some women, including the women who came in 1997, received extraordinary treatment and I am not convinced that if the number of women changed back to what it was before 1997 that things would not change back.Labour's Yvette Cooper said she found it hard to persuade Commons officials she was a minister and not a secretary.Women MPs endure "shocking" levels of sexist abuse at the hands of their male counterparts, a new study shows.And ex-Tory education secretary Gillian Shepherd remembered how one of her male colleagues called all women "Betty".Barbara Follet, one of the so-called "Blair Babes" elected in 1997, told researchers: "I remember some Conservatives - whenever a Labour woman got up to speak they would take their breasts - imaginary breasts - in their hands and wiggle them and say 'melons' as we spoke."
Mr Campbell messaged Newsnight after the programme investigated claims that Labour's advertising agency TBWA was blaming him for controversy over its campaign posters.Liam Fox, Tory co-chairman, said the return of Mr Campbell was a sign of new "sinister and underhand tactics" by Labour.The e-mail was revealed the day after Peter Mandelson, former Labour minister and now a European Commissioner, warned the BBC to steer away from "demonising" Mr Campbell.The e-mail was sent by mistake to Newsnight journalist Andrew McFadyen.Mr Campbell has recently re-joined Labour's election campaign.Mr Campbell sent the missive by mistake to BBC2's Newsnight after it sought to question his role in Labour's controversial poster campaign.Mr Campbell's e-mail, which was apparently intended for a party official, suggested they should get Trevor Beattie, TBWA's boss, to issue a statement.Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said he had always had "very good and polite relations" with Mr Campbell, who he described as "very talented".Ex-No 10 media chief Alastair Campbell is at the centre of a new political row over an e-mail containing a four-letter outburst aimed at BBC journalists.Realising his error, Mr Campbell then e-mailed Mr McFadyen pointing out the mistake, but suggesting presenter Jeremy Paxman would have seen the funny side.He said: "Not very good at this e-mail Blackberry malarkey.He later contacted the show saying the original e-mail had been sent in error and that it was all a "silly fuss".Posters done by by tbwa according to political brief.
Mr Howard will host a news conference at the party's London HQ every morning, Tory co-chairman Liam Fox said.On Mrs Howard's role, Mr Fox said: "Sandra has already been campaigning with Michael on a number of visits and has been undertaking short visits herself."We want Michael to be as accessible as possible," Mr Fox said, adding that the party was not afraid of scrutiny.But Labour campaign chiefs say there are no plans for Mr Blair to hold a daily news conference.Tony Blair has also said he is intending to get out and talk to as many people as possible during the election campaign.Mrs Howard will make solo visits to target seats as well as accompanying her husband on his helicopter campaign trail criss-crossing the country.The Tory leader wanted to meet as many ordinary members of the public, Mr Fox said.
Gibraltarians rejected plans for the Rock's sovereignty to be shared between Britain and Spain in a referendum organised by Gibraltar government.Most Gibraltarians said in a referendum they wanted to remain British.In October, Mr Straw and his Spanish counterpart Miguel Moratinos agreed to establish a body that would give Gibraltarians a voice in their future.Officials at the two-day summit at the foreign secretary's official Kent house, Chevening, will plan a new forum on the Rock's future.
Mr Blair said the house arrest powers were already going to be subject to a sunset clause because it was annually renewable.Mr Blair said the bill, which brings in house arrest for terror suspects, had time limiting safeguards already.In the Commons, Mr Howard said it would be "far better if the whole of the legislation was subject to a sunset clause so Parliament could consider it all in a proper way instead of it being ramrodded through".The Tories wanted a sunset clause inserted in the Anti-Terrorism Bill that would have forced ministers to revisit it in November.He said if someone was wrongly given a control order it would act as a "recruiting sergeant" for terrorists.The Lib Dems plan to oppose the Bill in the Lords on Thursday.The bill proposes "control orders", which as well as placing terrorism suspects under house arrest could mean curfews, tagging or bans on telephone and internet use.I would be uneasy about supporting a very bad bill even if it was just for eight months."The Tories want judicial oversight of all control orders, not just house arrest.He went on to say: "If we don't get the amendments we regard as essential, including the sunset clause, we will vote against the bill."
However, one of the so-called Guildford Four, Gerry Conlon - who was wrongly convicted of planting the bombs - said the families were delighted with the apology.In a statement recorded for television, Mr Blair said the families deserved "to be completely and publicly exonerated".He made the apology to members of the Conlon and Maguire families in his private room at Westminster.Mrs Maguire was the relative with whom Giuseppe planned to stay in London, as well as two family friends.Also arrested were Anne Maguire and members of her family.She said it was a "wonderful feeling" to have had the apology and that a weight had been lifted off her shoulders.The families had hoped the apology would be made during Prime Minister's Questions in the House of Commons.He said Mr Blair had spoken with "such sincerity", adding: "He went beyond what we thought he would, he took time to listen to everyone.Mr Conlon's father Giuseppe was arrested when travelling to London from Belfast to help his son.Mr Blair said: "I am very sorry that they were subject to such an ordeal and injustice."
Former Tory chancellor Ken Clarke says Mr Howard has a bigger problem changing perceptions of the Tory party than his personal image.Ms Robinson, a friend of the Tory leader, also revealed that as a Cambridge student Mr Howard was "much loved by women and he was a courteous and kind and rather dashing lover" - although she denied having personal experience.Mr Howard, whose parents fled the Nazi threat to come to the UK, says the claim would mean no-one from an immigrant family could become premier.Documentary maker Michael Cockerell was given behind-the-scenes access to Mr Howard for his film portrait.The Tory leader was asked about to respond to people who said that if there had there been a quota on immigration and asylum in the 1930s, his parents might not have been allowed into the country.Tory leader Michael Howard has gone on the offensive in response to people questioning how a son of immigrants can propose asylum quotas.- Michael Howard: No More Mr Nasty is being shown on BBC2 on Saturday 12 February at 2005 GMT.The Tory leader brands such criticisms as "absolutely rubbish", arguing that he has been consistent on his support for the war but critical of Mr Blair's failure to tell the truth on intelligence.He says Tony Blair was not worried by his opponents' early performance in their Commons clashes because Mr Howard lacked a "big strategy", including on issues like Iraq.The film shows Mr Howard laughing at Rory Bremner's impression of him as Dracula, which he calls "good fun", apart from the serious falsehood of a comment suggesting he wants fewer black people in the UK.
Mr Brown has been locked in talks with finance ministers of the G8, which Britain now chairs.Chancellor Gordon Brown has said he hopes to announce a deal to suspend debt interest repayments by tsunami-hit nations later on Friday.The agreement by the G8 group of wealthy nations would save affected countries £3bn pounds a year, he said.Mr Brown first proposed the idea earlier this week.
Shadow Foreign Secretary Michael Ancram said: "I am glad the foreign secretary has finally been shamed into representing Britain at this important act of commemoration.Foreign Secretary Jack Straw will visit Auschwitz for the 60th anniversary of the former Nazi concentration camp's liberation, it has been announced.The prince, 20, apologised, but critics have called for him to go to Auschwitz for the commemoration of the Soviets' 1945 liberation of the camp.Between 1.1 and 1.5 million people, mainly Jews, were killed at Auschwitz.Altogether, some six million people, mainly Jews, perished in the Holocaust.
In its report on the council's work the committee said: "We are deeply concerned by the skills shortages afflicting, in particular, the qualitative branches of social sciences.A national body designed to tackle skills shortages in key subjects should be set up, a committee of MPs has said.There was an "absolute crisis" in the recruitment of statisticians and other social science experts, the Commons science and technology committee added.The council aims to promote and support strategic research for social science postgraduates and provide social scientists to meet the needs of the country.The committee was reporting on the work, strategy and spending plans of the Economic Social Research Council.
But the Scottish Executive has insisted Mr McConnell was speaking about adults and his comments were "a recognition that people will get drunk".Mr MacDonell said: "I think the problem here is that he did say a lot more things about binge drinking and under age drinking.Mr MacDonell, political editor of The Scotsman, said: "I think we have to say right at the outset that this was a very stupid and ill-advised remark by the first minister.Mr MacDonell said that the first minister should know by now that if he said things which were "off the mark", they were bound to "come back and bite him".He added: "Here, Mr McConnell was talking in the Highlands to 100 teenagers and every word he said was put out on a webcast by the Scottish Executive and then looked at by other politicians and reporters.He said it was vital that young people were properly informed about the risks incurred to themselves and others when they got drunk.The media attention had helped to move the focus from Scotland's binge drinking problems, Mr Law said.The one-sentence comment was immediately criticised by the Scottish National Party which accused him of encouraging young people to get drunk.Mr McConnell was speaking on Monday to more than 100 secondary pupils from schools in the Highlands about the problems of binge drinking and drink promotions.He said he accepted that young people drank and they did have problems with drink.Mr Law added: "I think the remark was ill-advised - but these remarks are blown out of all proportion and they so easily misrepresent what we are trying to do in Scotland.
But the government was said to be still rewriting its response on Friday.He is said to be feeling more comfortable about what the government is likely to say than if he had read only what was in newspapers in the earlier part of the week.Final appeals are being made for the government not to ditch the reform plan for England's secondary schools put forward by the Tomlinson report."It will be a tragedy if the government comes through with a half-hearted response," said the chairman of the Commons education select committee, Labour MP Barry Sheerman.His main concern was the reports that there would be a diploma - but only to replace existing vocational qualifications.The Qualifications and Curriculum Authority (QCA) has also told the government not to "compromise".Sir Mike Tomlinson himself was briefed only this week.It has been suggested the government will take steps of some sort to meet firms' concerns on this score.But people understand that a White Paper response is government policy and has to command wider ministerial support than if it were coming only from the Department for Education and Skills.The chief inspector of schools, David Bell, also said recently that GCSEs and A-levels should go.
Mr Blair praised his chancellor for his role in creating economic stability, which he said was the "cornerstone" of Labour's programme.Mr Brown earlier denied his economic forecasts were too optimistic - but refused to rule out future tax rises.Mr Brown insisted his spending plans were "affordable" and he could afford to be optimistic because Britain was now a stable, low-inflation economy and house prices were now stabilising.All of it fits together around common themes of opportunity, security and stability for all," Mr Blair said.In his pre-Budget report, Mr Brown surprised some City experts by forecasting UK growth at between 3% and 3.5% for next year.In a speech at Edinburgh's Napier University, he said Labour would publish over the next few months "a rich agenda for future policy in any possible third term"."It is very clear that there are some serious loose ends in government public spending," Mr Cable told MPs.Tony Blair has backed Chancellor Gordon Brown's pre-Budget report amid opposition claims he was too bullish about the state of the UK economy.Conservative Shadow chancellor Oliver Letwin said: "I can't find a single economic forecaster from the IMF to the Institute of Fiscal Studies who believes anything other than the chancellor has got a black hole in his finances.
Tony Blair has said he does not want higher tax rates for top earners but on Wednesday said other tax promises would be left to Labour's manifesto.He attacked Tory plans to process asylum claims abroad - but Mr Howard said Labour had proposed the idea too.It was no good Mr Blair claiming tax pledges were being left to the manifesto as he had given one to MPs on Tuesday about the top rate of income tax, argued Mr Howard.Prime minister's questions also saw Mr Blair predict that new plans would probably cut net immigration.Mr Howard read from a letter about the government's own plans at the European Council of Ministers for processing asylum seekers outside the EU.Pointing to national insurance, he added: "Everyone knows tax will go up under Labour: isn't it now clear which tax it would be?"Mr Blair said abuses would be weeded out and chain migration, where families automatically get the right to settle with immigrant workers, would end.Mr Howard pointed to the Institute for Fiscal Studies' predictions that Labour will need to increase taxes to cover an £11bn gap in its spending plans.
Committee chairman Barry Sheerman said: "UK e-University was a terrible waste of public money.The e-University was scrapped last year, having attracted only 900 students at a cost of £50m.The Commons education select committee called this "morally indefensible" but the government said the e-University project had "improved understanding".With no significant private investors and no direct accountability to a government minister, the e-University had had "too much freedom to spend public money as it wished", the report found.The report warns that the government should not be scared off investment in innovative but potentially risky schemes by the failure of the e-University, but "should learn the lessons from this disaster".She added: "UK e-Universities was not the only organisation to have lost out on private sector investment in the collapse of the dotcom boom."
Speaking outside the Olympic Primary School, Mr Brown said: "It is simply not acceptable in the modern age for the rest of the world to stand by and have hundreds of millions of children not getting the chance at education."Mr Brown's aides say he wants to find out more about the Kenyan Government's education policies, which included introducing free primary education in early 2003.He pointed to international plans to invest $10bn for education in Africa over the next decade.At slums in Narobi on Wednesday, he said education needs had to be tackled.Chancellor Gordon Brown has visited Kenya's biggest shantytown as he opened a week-long visit to Africa.
She said this would counter "so-called independent" groups like Migration Watch, which she described as an anti-immigration body posing as independent.Migration Watch says it is not against all immigration and the government already publishes accurate figures.She said her proposals mean "we wouldn't have so-called independent experts, like Migration Watch, who come into this debate from an anti-immigration point of view."She went on: "What I would like to see is there being a body which actually looked at the figures, published them, and was independent of government.Barbara Roche said an organisation should monitor and publish figures and be independent of government.
The Commission for Africa's report will be released on 11 March - Comic Relief day, Tony Blair has said.As well as more aid, fairer trade and less debt, the commission is likely to demand action on corruption in Africa.Bob Geldof, in characteristically blunt style, promised that the commission would not just be a talking shop but would deliver radical new thinking to change direction for Africa.Mr Blair has vowed to put Africa at the top of his agenda during his time at the helm of the G8.The former rock star's presence on the commission has been interpreted as a sign that it will be uncompromising in its demands.
Liberal Democrat deputy leader Menzies Campbell said he thought Lord Butler's comments were "well justified" and Mr Blair's style of leadership was "corrosive of the whole system of government".Lord Butler's assessment was backed by his predecessor as Cabinet Secretary, Lord Armstrong.Lord Butler said the government had too much freedom to "bring in bad Bills" and "to do whatever it likes" and it relied too much on the advice of political appointees.Asked why he thought the warnings were not there Lord Butler said: "One has got to remember what the purpose of the dossier was.Lord Butler said Mr Blair bypassed the Cabinet and relied instead on small, informal groups of advisers to help him make decisions.Tory leader Michael Howard said Lord Butler had given the "most damaging testimony" he could remember.The reason for this is that it would have weakened ministers' case for war, Lord Butler said in his Spectator interview, which was conducted by the magazine's editor, Conservative MP Boris Johnson.The purpose of the dossier was to persuade the British why the government thought Iraq was a very serious threat.""This is from someone who was an insider at the very heart of the Blair government.But Labour former minister Jack Cunningham accused Lord Butler of basing his comments on the first eight months of the incoming Labour administration, when he was cabinet secretary.Lord Butler's report earlier this year into Iraq intelligence said the government's September 2002 weapons dossier did not make clear intelligence about claims that Saddam Hussein had stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons was "very thin".Mr Howard described Lord Butler's intervention as "very important".
But Lib Dem officials say Mr Oaten was speaking when an inquiry was under way and was avoiding rushing to judgement.Lib Dem spokesman Mark Oaten said the number of officials who had forgotten what happened was worrying.Mr Oaten said people would be mystified why Sir Alan's inquiry failed to uncover why processing of the visa application was speeded up.The Tories criticised the Lib Dem stance, saying Mr Oaten had initially said he accepted Mr Blunkett's word unless further evidence emerged.He said: "There is a strong case for a judge-led judicial review of this because, of course, next time it happens it may not be about a nanny and their visa.
Nine overseas embassies and high commissions will close in an effort to save money, UK Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has announced.In a written statement, Mr Straw said: "The savings made will help to underpin higher priority work in line with the Foreign and Commonwealth Office's strategic priorities, including counter- proliferation, counter-terrorism, energy and climate change.The Foreign Office currently has about 6,100 UK-based staff.Since 1997 10 overseas posts have been closed - excluding Wednesday's cuts - but 18 new embassies or consulates have been opened.Other diplomatic posts are being turned over to local staff."But the government must give a far clearer reason for making the dramatic changes it has announced and must show that British commercial interests and the interests of Britons abroad will not be adversely affected," he said.Shadow foreign secretary Michael Ancram said there was a constant need to ensure value for money from foreign missions.The changes are due to be put in place before the end of 2006, with most savings made from cutting staff and running costs.
"It is clear form these figures that schools and local education authorities are now seizing the tools we have given them to improve school attendance and crack down hard on the very small numbers of pupils which account for almost half of the nation's truancy."Police and education welfare officers patrol problem hotspots picking up truants and returning them to school.Previous initiatives brought 40,000 pupils back to school since 1997, according to official statistics.In one local education authority alone 800 parents were warned they would receive a penalty notice unless their child's attendance improved.Held twice each year, in addition to routine local patrols, previous country-wide sweeps have apprehended 31,000 pupils dodging school.A Department for Education and Skills source said: "Every day in school counts.Tories say Labour's previous success regarding the issue came because it tackled the easy part of the problem by reducing authorised absence, where parents are permitted to take children out of school.Truancy has been reduced by 5% at the 128 worst hit schools through the government's Behaviour Improvement Programme.
But speaking after the report was published, Home Office minister Baroness Scotland said: "Murder is the most serious of crimes and we have no intention of abolishing the mandatory life sentence.The home secretary confirmed the review was to get under way in the wake of a Law Commission report which branded the current murder law as "a mess".In its report, the Law Commission said it had found wide support among criminal justice professionals for an end to the mandatory life sentence for murder.But the Home Office said mandatory life sentences would not be abolished and argued courts already had flexibility.He said the review would look at partial defences to murder, including provocation and at mandatory sentences.David Blunkett has apologised to MPs after the Home Office announced "prematurely" via press release a review of murder laws.The Home Office has already said the review will begin next year.On Wednesday, a Home Office spokeswoman said the terms of reference for the review had not been established but it was likely to include only England and Wales.Results of a consultation exercise showed 64 respondents out of 146 - among them 21 judges - believed a mandatory life sentence for every murder was "indefensible and should cease".
The Countryside Alliance says it expects up to 4,000 supporters to demonstrate against the hunting ban.Pro-hunt supporters formally launched their second legal challenge to the ban in London's High Court on Thursday.Richard Dodd, regional director of the Countryside Alliance, said he expected between 2,000 and 4,000 supporters in Tyneside to make their protest, with hunt horns and placards.Animal welfare groups have welcomed the ban, many of whom have campaigned for a ban for decades saying hunting is cruel and unnecessary.The High Court last month ruled the act was valid and the proposed hunting ban was lawful.Pro-hunt supporters are set to protest at Labour's spring conference.Mr Dodd said he did not believe there would be any repeat of the trouble which marred the pro-hunt demonstration outside Parliament in September.A bid to overturn the law banning hunting with dogs in England and Wales has begun in the Court of Appeal.
BAA also says it has attempted to involve communities in any future airport plans.BAA are also owners of the airports at Heathrow and Gatwick.BAA's expansion of Stansted Airport in Essex by building an extra runway is one of the most fiercely opposed plans.But BAA has said it has attempted to involve communities in any future airport plans.Their opponents are also likely to complain there was no public consultation before an extra runway was built at Luton Airport, or when it changed take-off and landing procedures at Heathrow.Opponents say the £2bn cost of the new runway could not be met unless cash from Heathrow and Gatwick was used.The Stansted expansion, apart from the building of the new runway, would also need to include new terminal buildings to deal with the projected 50m passengers who will use it every year.At Heathrow, BAA said it was working closely with all interested parties to see how the strict environmental, air quality and noise targets for a third runway can be met.At Gatwick, the company has written to homes and business likely to be affected by any extra runway.
But the home secretary said Mr Howard was wrong to say the law was biased in favour of burglars.On Thursday, Mr Howard told BBC Radio 4's Today programme Mr Blair had initially refused the law change, then had come round to the idea and was now backtracking again.The barrister who had represented Mr Martin had said the rules were "weighted overwhelmingly" in favour of the householder, said Mr Clarke.Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir John Stevens last month backed a Tory attempt to change the law so only householders using "grossly disproportionate" force could be prosecuted.Home Secretary Charles Clarke said ministers had kept to their pledge to review the law.Mr Howard said the "grossly disproportionate" test matched the hurdle ministers had introduced for civil cases where burglars where claimed compensation from householders.He said: "The problem is there has not been enough understanding of it - that was the point Sir John Stevens was making and the prime minister was making."Mr Howard branded the decision unacceptable, saying: "It is not householders who should be frightened, it's the burglars."
Mr Blair is an enthusiastic proponent of talks to bring Turkey within the recently-expanded EU.Tony Blair has met Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder to talk about Turkey entering the EU."The key issue at this week's council will be that of Turkey, but they will also discuss a range of other matters."Some are concerned that a change of government could lead to Turkey reneging on key human rights reforms it has recently enacted.There are also issues in France and the Netherlands over the possible problems of integrating the first major Muslim nation into the EU.
His party "instinctively" understood the "new liberal Britain" which is no longer a nation with one family structure, and one colour, he said.Voters will have a clear choice between the politics of fear and the politics of hope in the next general election, said Charles Kennedy.He said his party was the one of hope and was ready for a 2005 poll.In his New Year message the Liberal Democrat leader said Labour and the Conservatives were united in relying on fear and "populist scares".The general election would be a three-party struggle, as the Conservative party "fades away" as a national force and the Liberal Democrats challenge Labour in its heartlands, he said.At home he said many people were turning to the Liberal Democrats as they became disheartened with the politics of the other two main parties."But at the same time, an overmighty state is a dangerous one," he said.He said the government was using this climate of fear to try to strip away civil liberties.
Seen as one of the more intellectual figures in the government, he was also working for Tony Blair in his policy unit when he was leader of the opposition.Prior to the last election he was a key figure in New Labour as the head of the Downing Street policy unit where he was a key member of the manifesto writing team.Prior to working for Mr Blair, David Miliband spent time at the left-leaning Institute for Public Policy Research.He was an eminent and influential leftwing academic.Elected in a safe Labour seat in 2001 his previous job was school standards minister - a role he won in May 2002.
Anne Borthwick, of Campaign for Borders Rail, said reopening the Waverley Line would restore the area's prosperity.Ms Borthwick said reopening the line would be a prosperous move and protect the character of the Scottish Borders.Campaigners have said that reopening the Waverley Line, which could cost up to £100m, would be a huge economic boost for the Borders.A study in 2000, which was commissioned by the executive, Scottish Borders Council, Midlothian Council and Scottish Borders Enterprise, found that a half-hourly service from Tweedbank to Edinburgh could cover its operating costs.They will mark the 36th anniversary of the line closure, which ran from Edinburgh through the Borders and on to Carlisle, with a walk at Tweedbank."Campaign for Borders Rail is the biggest independent lobby group in Scotland and we have been lobbying tirelessly for the reinstatement of rail services to the Borders and eventually to Carlisle.
She said the assembly government was not best placed to run the arts in Wales.Shani Rhys James is worried that the Arts Council of Wales may be taken over by the Welsh Assembly Government.An artist critical of Welsh arts funding being brought under assembly government control has denied comparing the idea with dictatorships in Russia and Germany.She told Good Morning Wales: "Just to put the record straight, that business in the paper where it said I likened the government to Bolshevik Russia or Hitler's Germany, the actual quote I gave was: 'It is vital to a civilised society that we allow artists to express themselves without government control'.But Ms James, who won the £30,000 Jerwood painting prize in 2003, said arts funding should be separate from government.It was announced last July that three Welsh quangos, education and training body Elwa, the Wales Tourist Board and the Welsh Development Agency, would be brought under assembly government control.The future of the Arts Council of Wales has been in question since it was announced that most Welsh quangos would eventually be abolished.It would set the arts scene back 60 years, because I really don't think the government has the expertise."Comparing the Welsh Assembly Government to Hitler's Germany is a crass and ignorant response to a real issue about democratic accountability.""Wales has moved on.But she said reports that she had likened the assembly government to totalitarian regimes were inaccurate.The Arts Council of Wales may be among the next to come under the assembly government's umbrella.
He said the Law Lords' ruling was an "embarrassment" for the government and major changes were needed to the law.The foreign secretary said the right to life was the "most important liberty" and the government had a duty to protect people from terrorism.New Home Secretary Charles Clarke vowed the nine men would remain in prison while the law was being reviewed.On Thursday, Lord Bingham - a senior law lord - said the rules were incompatible with the European Convention on Human Rights as they allowed detentions "in a way that discriminates on the ground of nationality or immigration status" by justifying detention without trial for foreign suspects, but not Britons.Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead, in his ruling, said: "Indefinite imprisonment without charge or trial is anathema in any country which observes the rule of law.He said those held had a right of appeal to the special immigration appeal tribunal and the decision to hold the suspects was upheld by that court."The law lords are simply wrong to imply that this is a decision to detain these people on the whim or the certificate of the home secretary," he told BBC Radio 4's Today programme.Law lords were "simply wrong" to imply the men were being held arbitrarily.But Liberal Democrat peer Lord Carlile, the government's independent reviewer of anti-terrorism laws, said it was possible some of the detainees could now be released.The case was heard by a panel of nine law lords rather than the usual five because of the constitutional importance of the case.
Among the over-65s, 70% said they would be certain to vote in an immediate election, compared with 39% of people under 55.Charity boss Gordon Lishman said if a "decisive blow" was struck at the election it would be by older voters who could be relied on to turn out."Older people want to see manifesto commitments that will make a difference to their lives," Mr Lishman said.A survey for the charity suggests 69% of over-55s say they always vote in a general election compared with just 17% of 18 to 24 year olds.Political parties cannot afford to take older UK voters for granted in the coming election, says Age Concern.
The Duchy of Lancaster provides the Queen's private income, while the Duchy of Cornwall provides Prince Charles' annual income.Aides from the Duchy of Lancaster and Duchy of Cornwall will appear before the Commons Public Accounts Committee.Duchy officials, who will appear before the committee on Monday, are only responsible for generating money.Senior officials at the two bodies generating private income for the Queen and Prince of Wales are to be questioned by MPs.The prince has voluntarily paid income tax - currently 40% - since 1993.
Millions of public service workers could strike if ministers scrap their final salary pension scheme and make them work longer, warn union leaders."To maintain the long-term affordability of our pension scheme, the government announced in its Green Paper on pensions that pension age would rise from 60 to 65."Pensions officer Paul Woolstenholmes said: "The pensions of millions of public sector workers are under threat - apart from MPs and judges who have the most generous pensions arrangements in the country."Dave Prentis, general secretary of Unison, said changes to pension provisions for workers in the public sector would mean they had to pay in more but would still face a raw deal.Mark Serwotka, from the Public and Commercial Services union said there should be a co-ordinated one day strike unless there was a government rethink.Mr Prentis said workers did not want to go on strike and called for talks between unions and the highest level of government.Now public service unions are united against the plans and the Trades Union Congress is discussing the issue next Monday.In a statement on Sunday, the Cabinet Office said it was reviewing the Civil Service Pension Scheme, and hoped to announce proposals soon.The government says unions will be consulted before any changes are made."Public sector pension schemes need to remain affordable and sustainable.
Mr Blunkett was also at the centre of a humiliating scandal involving the former immigration minister Beverly Hughes.Mr Blunkett was schooled in Sheffield where he led the city council for seven years before entering the Commons.Named home secretary after the 2001 general election, Mr Blunkett had seen the focus on his office intensify.In Tony Blair's first government Mr Blunkett was put in charge of education and employment, where he won big increases in funds for schools, while insisting on improved standards of literacy and numeracy.A Labour loyalist from a working class background Mr Blunkett, 57, had been unafraid of pushing for tough changes to Labour policy.Mr Blunkett himself described not being able to see as simply "an inconvenience".Mr Blunkett entered Parliament for Sheffield Brightside in 1987, after first contesting the Sheffield Hallam seat in 1974.Before the recent furore, Mr Blunkett had always appeared more interested in politics than his personal life.Lucy was replaced by her half-sister, Sadie, a black Labrador-curly-coated retriever cross, in 2003 after nearly a decade by Mr Blunkett's side.Mr Blunkett told the Daily Telegraph in 2001 that he continued to wear his wedding ring, in spite of being a divorcee, as "a useful way of ensuring that people don't casually think I am available".Before he resigned the position of home secretary on Wednesday, David Blunkett had been in charge of a substantial body of government portfolios including race, policing and immigration.Mr Blunkett's own comments on immigration had prompted censure - he told refugees from Afghanistan and Kosovo to "get back home" to start rebuilding their countries.
Mr McLetchie said: "I'm quite clear that no conflicts of interest arise in my case, that the judgement I took has effectively been vindicated when you look at the advice that has been given to me and that these allegations are unfounded.""The firm and I have a very good working relationship and we have done for the last six years," said Mr McLetchie.Mr McLetchie said he has taken advice from Holyrood officials about what details he needs to declare.Glenn said MSPs are advised to guard against a conflict of interests and a perception of a conflict.He said nothing had changed in respect of his work with the law firm and it was a matter he would have to discuss with the other partners at Tods Murray.BBC Scotland's political correspondent Glenn Campbell said no complaint had been made against Mr McLetchie, but questions were raised about his dual role.
Mr Howard said Mr Blunkett had complained he had inherited a "giant mess" when he took over at the Home Office from Jack Straw, now foreign secretary.Downing Street has stressed Mr Blair's support for the home secretary.On Wednesday during Prime Minister's Questions, Tory leader Michael Howard went on the offensive over comments Mr Blunkett is alleged to have made in a new biography.Last week, Mr Blunkett won the first round of a High Court battle with Mrs Quinn for access to her son.Tony Blair is to join Home Secretary David Blunkett in a visit to Sheffield on Thursday.The home secretary has already admitted he was wrong to give the two first class tickets, given to him as an MP, to Mrs Quinn and has since paid the £180 back.Mr Blunkett declined to comment about his own position, saying the inquiry was under way and the High Court had stressed his right to privacy did not affect his job in improving security and stability.The visit to Sheffield will be seen as a show of unity by Mr Blair.
In June last year, Mr Wallace announced proposals to increase tuition fees for English students studying in Scotland by £2,000 in an attempt to prevent a cross-border flood, although no figure has yet been agreed.Universities Scotland, which represents university principals, claimed that an increase in applications did not amount to Scottish students being squeezed out.Legislation to introduce the top-up fees in England is not due to take effect until autumn 2006 and students who start before then will not have to pay additional fees at all."They know that when they take up their studies in 2006 they will be hit by top-up fees if they are going to a university in England and that may be part of the reason why the numbers coming to Scotland are so inflated.A rise has been recorded in the number of students from south of the border applying to universities in Scotland.However, Lifelong Learning Minister Jim Wallace said that this would not result in Scottish students missing out.Mr Wallace said: "Accepting students from all parts of the world does show the high regard in which Scottish higher education is held, not just in Britain.Director, David Caldwell, said some students could be applying in an attempt to avoid the possible increase in annual fees at English universities, but this was not a major factor.
The committee also said some legal protections for animals were downgraded by the bill, such as the law on abandonment of animals which "would be significantly weakened".Sloppy wording of the draft animal welfare bill could leave anglers facing court even though it was not intended, the environment select committee said.The MPs said they were "concerned" the government had not consulted directly on its plans to improve animal welfare.The draft bill seeks to modernise and improve animal welfare legislation, and intends to protect "kept animals" and "companion" animals by setting up a "duty of care".The bill would allow animal welfare officers to intervene to prevent harm to an animal as well as outlawing "mutilation" of animals - unless it can be demonstrated to be in the animal's best interest.My committee welcomes the development of an approach to animal welfare which doesn't just wait for a problem to occur but enables action to be taken to protect animals before irreversible suffering takes place."Anglers and fishermen could find themselves prosecuted under plans to crack down on animal cruelty, a committee of MPs has warned.This was because as it stood the draft bill would allow certain acts that should be prosecuted - such as unnecessary suffering caused to an animal through neglect, or unnecessary mental suffering - to go unpunished.Committee chairman Michael Jack said: "Any change in the law as it affects animals always arouses powerful emotions and great public interest.