Oh, the weather outside is frightful But the fire is so delightful And since we've no place to go Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow Man, it doesn't show signs of stopping And I brought some corn for popping The lights are turned way down low Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow When we finally kiss good-night How I'll hate going out in the storm But if you really hold me tight All the way home I'll be warm And the fire is slowly dying And, my dear, we're still good-bye-ing But as long as you love me so Let it snow, let it snow and snow When we finally kiss good-night How I'll hate going out in the storm But if you really grab me tight All the way home I'll be warm The fire is slowly dying And, my dear, we're still good-bye-ing But as long as you love me so Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow
Have yourself a merry little Christmas Let your heart be light From now on our troubles Will be out of sight Have yourself a merry little Christmas Make the Yuletide gay From now on our troubles Will be miles away, oh ooh Here we are as in olden days Happy golden days of yore, ah Faithful friends who are dear to us Gather near to us, once more, ooh Through the years we all will be together If the fates allow Hang a shining star upon the highest bough And have yourself a merry little Christmas now Here we are as in olden days Happy golden days of yore Faithful friends who are dear to us Gather near to us, once more Through the years we all will be together If the fates allow Hang a shining star upon the highest bough, oh And have yourself a merry little  Christmas now, ooh Merry Christmas Merry Christmas
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas Just like the ones I used to know Where the treetops glisten And children listen To hear sleigh bells in the snow I'm dreaming of a white Christmas With every Christmas card I write May your days be merry and bright And may all your Christmases be white I'm dreaming of a white Christmas Just like the ones I used to know Where the treetops glisten And children listen To hear sleigh bells in the snow I'm dreaming of a white Christmas With every Christmas card I write May your days be merry and bright And may all your Christmases be white
It was many and many a year ago,   In a kingdom by the sea,That a maiden there lived whom you may know   By the name of ANNABEL LEE;--And this maiden she lived with no other thought   Than to love and be loved by me.She was a child and I was a child,   In this kingdom by the sea,But we loved with a love that was more than love--   I and my Annabel Lee--With a love that the winged seraphs of heaven   Coveted her and me. And this was the reason that, long ago,   In this kingdom by the sea,A wind blew out of a cloud by night   Chilling my Annabel Lee;So that her high-born kinsman came   And bore her away from me,To shut her up in a sepulchre   In this kingdom by the sea.The angels, not half so happy in Heaven,   Went envying her and me:--Yes! that was the reason (as all men know,   In this kingdom by the sea)That the wind came out of a cloud, chilling   And killing my Annabel Lee.But our love it was stronger by far than the love   Of those who were older than we--   Of many far wiser than we-And neither the angels in Heaven above,   Nor the demons down under the sea,Can ever dissever my soul from the soul   Of the beautiful Annabel Lee:--For the moon never beams without bringing me dreams   Of the beautiful Annabel Lee;And the stars never rise but I see the bright eyes   Of the beautiful Annabel Lee;And so, all the night-tide, I lie down by the sideOf my darling, my darling, my life and my bride,   In her sepulchre there by the sea--   In her tomb by the side of the sea.
From childhood's hour I have not been As others were -- I have not seen As others saw -- I could not bring My passions from a common spring -- From the same source I have not taken My sorrow -- I could not awaken My heart to joy at the same tone -- And all I lov'd -- I lov'd alone -- Then -- in my childhood -- in the dawn Of a most stormy life -- was drawn From ev'ry depth of good and ill The mystery which binds me still -- From the torrent, or the fountain -- From the red cliff of the mountain -- From the sun that 'round me roll'd In its autumn tint of gold -- From the lightning in the sky As it pass'd me flying by -- From the thunder, and the storm -- And the cloud that took the form (When the rest of Heaven was blue) Of a demon in my view --
Fair river! in thy bright, clear flow    Of crystal, wandering water,Thou art an emblem of the glow        Of beauty -- the unhidden heart --        The playful maziness of art  In old Alberto's daughter;But when within thy wave she looks --        Which glistens then, and trembles --Why, then, the prettiest of brooks        Her worshipper resembles;For in my heart, as in thy stream,    Her image deeply lies --The heart which trembles at the beam    Of her soul-searching eyes.
Macavity’s a Mystery Cat: he’s called the Hidden Paw— For he’s the master criminal who can defy the Law. He’s the bafflement of Scotland Yard, the Flying Squad’s despair: For when they reach the scene of crime—Macavity’s not there! Macavity, Macavity, there’s no one like Macavity, He’s broken every human law, he breaks the law of gravity. His powers of levitation would make a fakir stare, And when you reach the scene of crime—Macavity’s not there! You may seek him in the basement, you may look up in the  air— But I tell you once and once again, Macavity’s not there! Macavity’s a ginger cat, he’s very tall and thin; You would know him if you saw him, for his eyes are sunken in. His brow is deeply lined with thought, his head is highly domed; His coat is dusty from neglect, his whiskers are uncombed. He sways his head from side to side, with movements like a snake; And when you think he’s half asleep, he’s always wide awake. Macavity, Macavity, there’s no one like Macavity, For he’s a fiend in feline shape, a monster of depravity. You may meet him in a by-street, you may see him in the square— But when a crime’s discovered, then Macavity’s not there! He’s outwardly respectable. (They say he cheats at cards.) And his footprints are not found in any file of Scotland Yard’s. And when the larder’s looted, or the jewel-case is rifled, Or when the milk is missing, or another Peke’s been stifled, Or the greenhouse glass is broken, and the trellis past repair— Ay, there’s the wonder of the thing! Macavity’s not there! And when the Foreign Office find a Treaty’s gone astray, Or the Admiralty lose some plans and drawings by the way, There may be a scrap of paper in the hall or on the stair— But it’s useless to investigate— Macavity’s not there! And when the loss has been  disclosed, the Secret Service say:‘It must have been Macavity!’— but he’s a mile away. You’ll be sure to find him resting,  or a-licking of his thumbs; Or engaged in doing complicated long division sums. Macavity, Macavity, there’s no one like Macavity, There never was a Cat of such deceitfulness and suavity. He always has an alibi, and one or two to spare: At whatever time the deed took place—MACAVITY WASN’T  THERE! And they say that all the Cats whose wicked deeds are widely known (I might mention Mungojerrie, I might mention Griddlebone) Are nothing more than agents for the Cat who all the time Just controls their operations: the  Napoleon of Crime!
The Rum Tum Tugger is a curious cat If you offer me pheasant I'd rather have grouse If you put me in a house I would much prefer a flat If you put me in a flat then I'd rather have a house If you set me on a mouse then I only want a rat If you set me on a rat then I'd rather chase a mouse The Rum Tum Tugger is a curious cat And there isn't any call for me to shout it For he will do as he do do And there's no doing anything about it! The Rum Tum Tugger is a terrible bore When you let me in, then I want to go out I'm always on the wrong side of every door And as soon as I'm at home, then  I'd like to get about I like to lie in the bureau drawer But I make such a fuss if I can't get out The Rum Tum Tugger is a curious cat And it isn't any use for you to doubt it For he will do as he do do And there's no doing anything about it! The Rum Tum Tugger is a curious beast My disobliging ways are a matter of habit If you offer me fish then I always want a feast When there isn't any fish then I won't eat rabbit If you offer me cream then I sniff and sneer But I only like what I find for myself So you'll catch me in it right up to my ears If you put it away on the larder shelf The Rum Tum Tugger is artful and knowing The Rum Tum Tugger doesn't care for a cuddle But I'll leap in your lap in the middle of your sewing For there's nothing I enjoy like a horrible muddle! The Rum Tum Tugger is a curious cat The Rum Tum Tugger doesn't care for a cuddle The Rum Tum Tugger is a curious cat And there isn't any need for me to spout it For he will do as he do do And there's no doing anything about it!